---
title: December 18th, 2019
---

## The question of causal.vs evidential decision theory in [[Rationalism]] could be resolved by considering the possibility of being another agent's simulation of you in addition to existing in the real world

## [[Economics]] Incentives cannot be overestimated.
### Life forms have phenotypes that optimize for environmental incentives

### Animals have cognitive incentives, drives, instrumental to environmental incentives

### Social animals 

## Bill flack can [[Superforecasting]]
### The difference between a heavyweight and an amateur is the heavyweight knows the difference between a 60/40 bet and a 40/60 bet

### WYSIATI What you see is all there is

### Magnus Carlsen: if I study a position for an hour, I usually go in circles. I usually know my move after 10 seconds. The rest is double checking 

## [[Blake Crouch]]'s Recursion


## Unfortunately, we russions have lost our ability to kill tyrants - fjodor Dostoyevsky

## Allowing students to learn particulary personally valenced subjects seperately in a sensitive and compassionate environment reduces psychological shock and instability and may be able to prevent suicide and other symptoms. It was useful to me when I had to write an essay on schizophrenia right after my uncle with schitz killed himself and got to spend an extra month on the essay. 

## My semi dreams
### Cause and circumstance: Wake up out of a nightmare, or cause-unknown cold sweat. More likely when I'm feeling meaningless, have slept poorly or unreliably for a while, am depressed or anxious

### Experience: wake up. Body feels foreign. Can "back out" of body at will, self localization either moving down or up. Theory: imagining leaving my body is peripheral, an interface. Body position feels uncomfortable no matter what (only this time?). Gradually develop visualization of something, in this case a physical book. After looking at it a while, realized my eyes were closed and I seemed to be looking through them. Book gains clarity beyond what I can otherwise conjure. I gain the ability to move my body about in imaginary space instead of real space, which takes a slight effort at first and then becomes default. Environment has dream like unpredictability, but can be controlled with effort, which is hard to sustain because low motivation, and intelligence, attention span compared to normal. I know I'm semi dreaming, explicitly test fidelity by imagining what things do when I'm not looking at them. With effort I can create and believe those narratives, but vaguely think they're stupid and implausible. Had the thought that I needed to turn off my slightly too early alarm and was easily able to "push myself down" into reality to turn off alarm. Often the "push down" is difficult and involves a moment of sleep paralysis. After turning off alarm, tried to go back into semi dream. I imagined the book that I originally saw to pathetic effect, then just fell asleep or near asleep with no dream (uncertain).

### Tried to imagine processes, and some didn't work. I imagined a green sheet of material in the shape of an arrow that could curl itself and used that to swim through air. It loopdilooped through an endless series of gillotines, each one chopping it in like 5 places, but the pieces met and joined together on the other side.

## Plane descending. Others fasten seatbelts. I see no evidence that plane seatbelts are useful, therefore i don't. I see attendents coming down isle checking seatbelts. I fasten seatbelt & all to avoid negative valence social interaction of being told to put on my seatbelt.

## Whether cryogenics could work isn't about whether you would die. It's about whether your heart stopping, your blood getting replaced, and then your head frozen is sufficient to kill you - [[RobinHanson]]

## A unified analysis of gender personality differences! https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/beautiful-minds/taking-sex-differences-in-personality-seriously/ thanks [[Pinker]] 

## Bombardier Q400 looks cool

## Why should Andrew yang pronounce his name in the Taiwanese tradition and accent? Names are tools for marketing, and he should use whatever name he needs to promote his campaign. 

## Starting with the inside view might not be bad if you use it to determine a Bayes factor instead of a probability, because it wouldn't have as strong an anchoring effect as another probability

## Estimate for q400 speed is 310 m/s 

## Atmospheric pressure puts strain on eardrums, but doesn't change cochlear damage compared to the same sound volume in ordinary pressure

## Could have missed flight because I didn't consider that delay could be to de ice plane with passengers onboard. Flight was delayed, but last call boarding was actually earlier than original. Update towards flying being unpredictable and very slightly biased earlier. Tough pill to swallow.

## Beliefs aren't about believing, theyre about showing. https://twitter.com/eriktorenberg/status/1207386025032437761?s=19 need to take this to heart in life. Also should find original research on belief [[Signalling]] ([[Hansonian Hypothesis]])

## My colors are black and red
