---
title: December 13th, 2020
---

## #DigiKey make default to module while letting storybook use require

## :scope gets current el in queryselector. Useful in onChildren #DigiKey

## Post pandemic: I doubt many things will rebound to their previous state

## Why trash on netflix now: digging up trash that was already created

## #JS primise can print as {}?

## #DigiKey should I test error messages? I don't think so. Just stuff that matters in production and that I can test better in spec or e2e than manual.

## How much anchoring effect is there on #Metaculus ? I predicted https://www.metaculus.com/questions/5942/box-office-gross-in-the-us--canada-in-2021/ first and after 12 more predictors the average is the same.

## #Metaculus should they show how much predicting power they have in each thingey?

## [[Rani]] Martin is extremely socially slick, popular, smart, and knowledgeable. Actually highest rated girl I've met.

## [[nicolai]] 
### it's a 60/40 to go to holland

### would mandatory vaccine be a debacle like obamacare?

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] collapsing something doesn't propagate across devices. I would prefer it did

## Softmax / [[Transformer]]
### {{[[drawing]] null}}

### No reduced sens? {{[[drawing]] null}}
#### Reduced sensitivity does help significantly. Still possible without it though

### used at end of network for categorization

### occasionally used in the middle
#### in transformers

### {{[[drawing]] null}}

### anna is at the hardware store. she bought

### [hardware store]

### [anna (at hardware store)]

### [anna]

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] keyboard shortcut Kill block! maybe they think this is a bad nudge, but I personally would love it
### Now have it on Fn+K

### default document mode

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] www2 websites don't work

## #Metaculus analog vs digital computing
### https://www.metaculus.com/questions/create/

### terms::
#### More biology simulation is done on analog than digital

#### Best brain simulation is done on analog

#### Analog datacenter computing produces 10B of consumer products

### Maybe it matters how long you need to store intermediate results. In neural network, you need to store activation until back pass, which is at minimum a few clock cycles. In chem or bio sim you may be able to throw out most things after a cyclet

### https://sci-hub.se/10.1109/esscirc.2015.7313881
#### computation is completely parallel, with
computation time independent of the problem size

#### The test chip (Fig. 5) has been fabricated in TSMC 65nm
LP CMOS technology, as compared to 0.25μm CMOS used in
[1], suggesting that analog/hybrid computation circuits can be
scaled down together with digital circuits

### in each digital clock cycle, would it convert to alanlog, ccompute analog, convert bak to digita.L?

### how to store analog

### do analog errors amplify the more you do to them? Yes. That means reduce-like things wouldn't work, but map would

### http://www2.ece.rochester.edu/users/friedman/papers/W1G03.pdf
#### This difference is born out in the power consumption equations, which
show that power consumption as a function of filter length increases at a quadratic rate for the analog circuit, while at a nearly
linear rate for the digital circuit.

#### By decreasing
the minimum feature size of the CMOS technology, a significant power savings is achieved. This behavior is not necessarily true for the analog circuit, since device physics limit the
analog circuit more severely than the digital circuit

#### digital benefits more than analog from scale

## Heard a talk a while ago that said you shouldn't use helper function in unit test. Because of that I thought I should write my tests with only built in api. This was terrible idea

## #DigiKey work tonight
### TODO test form integration for all components
#### create library
##### maybe this:
###### npx stencil test --e2e -o --watch
####### nope. all extra args to stencil test go through to jest, not

###### t dk-multi-select
####### it's triggering test before I finish typing!!!

###### p multi-select

#### test time: multi-select plain 3-4 seconds. catcherrors, form, el don't make much difference

#### components

### TODO Write docs on all components
#### 

## [[Blub]][[Calva]][[Architecure]]
### Kondo

### Paredit

### Eval

### Creating cljs files with ns default

## [[Roam]] I tend to write everything at the top, and thus my daily notes goes from end of day to beginning. Do others do it the opposite?

## https://guzey.com/neurodiversity/
### Wish he added more well-written comentary to this

## Does [[Economics]] just mean [[Social Science]] to me? kinda. of them, it has the best research practicies (although not great)

## [[humans-as-gears]] wtf would it be like to understand yourself as gears?
### there's room in human working & crystaline memory to fit a lot of knowledge about neuroscience. What would it feel like to know all that?

## [[Rereading]][[Replacing Guilt]]

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] hashtag link in bracket link
### I used to know the difference between #Memory and 

### Memory:: [[Roam Parser]]

## [[Luhmann]][[Zettelkasten]][[Systems]]
### "system is a region of lower complexity" - bs. Organisms are systems, and have more complexity than their surroundings

### Systems cease to exist when they lose #Identity

## [[Blub]] How to work in others' big code
### Find architecture
#### Find tech docs, or book, or something that tells you architecture

#### Skim top down

### Trace path of code you care about with debugger / go to definition

### 

## Tab duplication avoider doesn't work with new tab

## [[AI Safety]] should do that [[analysis of papers in [[AIAN]] from a [[humans-as-gears]] perspective]]

## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9AbECvRt20 Michael Littman
### his quotes:
#### elon musk believes in the power of ideas

#### While building agi we will learn how to control it
