---
title: November 22nd, 2020
---

## we are what we optimise for. My apply for jobs Stickk has been suboptimal.

## Lots of heroes did swe before anything important. I don't need to be epic right now. I just need to get feedback, do work.

## I don't care if Ora reads this. I doubt she will

## Ora didn't respond to my texts. I just started browsing I stagram to blank my mind. Don't blank your mind!

## Apologizing to Ora, I felt what Soares meant by 

## This is test of whether I can hold my priorities together even when there's darkness in my mind

## I need to prepare for "family chat" because I need to be honest with someone

## The plan was heavy in my mind, and I couldn't bear it. 

## "no i don't want to think about it" is so accepted in culture. 

## Work life balance? I think it's good, and I think it's for losers

## New stickk challenge: no humming for a week.

## Are "carbon offsetting" programs actually "additional"

## Ellie
### a lot of problems caused by trying to capture too big audience

### manage cookies?

### what has impact in climate change?
#### greenhouse gasses in general 

#### More effective carbon cycling
##### capture, introduce to nature

##### carbon capture sand

## You should have opportunity to process big things. I shouldn't have started a new topic after human trajectory

## #DigiKey work today
### I'm trying out 3 consecutive focusmates today

### tab
#### Make grid layouts for all 3 modes

#### do accessibility

#### do animations

## Set up a periodic / random reminder to myself to **ask whether I'm doing what I want to be doing right now**

## Set up [[custom search filter]] https://ahrefs.com/blog/google-advanced-search-operators/
### site:(lesswrong.com | forum.effectivealtruism.org | overcomingbias.com | openphilanthropy.org | alignmentforum.org)

### If I want eaforum to show up, nothing I add can be significantly above its search rating

### can do tweets by followed?

### are there any terms that I never want to see?
#### narrative

### Search for pdfs with ext:pdf

## I do have risky investments. How about I check up on them weekly?
### /da

## Do at least 2 babbles per week!!!!!!!

## It's amazing how the code seems so obvious when you write it and yet has such complex behavior

## 

## Vscode has a files to include / exclude!!! this is awesome!!!

## #[[Quick Capture]]
### {{Done null}} util for setting ms grid cds

