---
title: January 12th, 2020
---

## [[HPMOR]] Final Exam
### Show Voldemort the Meaning of Life
#### Project Patronus Into Voldemort

### Gain Bargaining Power over Voldemort
#### 

### Gain Bargaining Power over Death Eaters

### Invent New Magic

### Scare them or Bluff

### Things to Know
#### Sacrificial Rituals

#### Why did Voldy let Harry keep the wand?
##### because he can't disarm him directly himself

##### He doesn't want to be seen unable to harm Harry directly

#### Meanings of Prophecy
##### Harry will do some sort of Bostromian remaking, using all the resources of the universe for utilitarian ends

##### Voldemort will be inspired by Harry to remake the entire universe

##### Voldemort will fall into despair and destroy the entire universe

##### Harry will succumb to his dark side through some dark magic and his utilitarian goals will drift into some lock-in hell

#### Power Sources
##### Life

##### Internal Magic of People

##### Internal Magic of Creatures

##### Ancient Artifacts

##### Stuff he brought, like the ring, anything else transfigured, any resources others have given him without his knowledge

##### Elder Wand?

##### Resurrection Stone?
###### Took out of grave at Godric's Hallow

###### Broke ward that interacted with the rock from house

###### Rock from house could actually be resurrection stone
####### Harry could resurrect someone as psych attack on voldy
######## Voldy's mother. 

######## Relationship between Voldy & Dumbledore

##### Dementors

##### 

#### Voldy Psychology
##### Fear of Death

##### Did he ever come close to death

## Why is quantum computing reversible?
### Because the laws of physics are reversible for closed systems, and quantum computers use closed systems

## [[SlateStarCodex]] https://slatestarcodex.com/2019/09/11/lots-of-people-going-around-with-mild-hallucinations-all-the-time/
### Do psychedelics move you along a natural axis of variation, maybe from unusually strong priors to unusually relaxed priors?

## [[Dream]] had a WILD precursor?
### Lay in bed with lots of blankets, including over face, headphones, long shirt and socks

### Seemed to wake up. Body felt very slightly different

### Saw black ceiling fan against cream ceiling

### Realized it wasn't real

### Tried to stop imagining it, but couldn't do it with willpower

### Fan became windmill that rolled around perimiter of a big black rectangle in the center of vision

### Adjusted body position, lost it.

## In meditation, we say "the only way to get it is not to want it". What determines when something mustn't be sought to be attained?
### All internal states

## [[Reading List]] Mastering the Core Teachings of the Buddha https://www.integrateddaniel.info/book/ https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4129848-mastering-the-core-teachings-of-the-buddha https://slatestarcodex.com/2017/09/18/book-review-mastering-the-core-teachings-of-the-buddha/
### This is very unpleasant, and eventually your mind does some sort of awkward Moebius twist on itself, adopts a better model of the world, and becomes enlightened.
