---
title: October 17th, 2020
---

## Was british abolition of slavery driven by moral arguments?

## If they hadn't, how long would slavery have persisted

## if there was more competition, how much would slavery have persisted?

## Plough Hoe Persistence: https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/51568/1/669370614.pdf
### My biggest question is whether the use of ploughs or hoes was controllable and not the result of soil conditions, available animals, population density, ect.

### Is this something that I've changed my mind on?

## Overview of instrumental variables:
### Informally, in attempting to estimate the causal effect of some variable __X__ on another __Y__, an instrument is a third variable __Z__ which affects __Y__ only through its effect on __X__. For example, suppose a researcher wishes to estimate the causal effect of smoking on general health. Correlation between health and smoking does not imply that smoking causes poor health because other variables, such as depression, may affect both health and smoking, or because health may affect smoking. It is at best difficult and expensive to conduct controlled experiments on smoking status in the general population. The researcher may attempt to estimate the causal effect of smoking on health from observational data by using the tax rate for tobacco products as an instrument for smoking. The tax rate for tobacco products is a reasonable choice for an instrument because the researcher assumes that it can only be correlated with health through its effect on smoking. If the researcher then finds tobacco taxes and state of health to be correlated, this may be viewed as evidence that smoking causes changes in health.
