---
title: January 31st, 2020
---

## Credentialism
### I've been especially burned by lack of credentials. Not getting into unis, taking a year of unu classes in high school and getting treated like a second class citizen.

## Truth seeking looks bad. If someone doesn't look bad, they must not be truth seeking
### Rogan on Bernie: "There is no dirt on him, he's amazingly consistent" basically means he's never learned anything.

## [[Reading List]] https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/20556323-complex-ptsd

## [[What would I be doing besides EA?]]

## https://twitter.com/ESYudkowsky/status/1075806939324403712

## Fire Trolls Problem [[Epistemics]]
### All prepositions that it's possible to be certain about have a truth value independent of who says them.

### However, we are presented with logical argument, whose validity is under question. The validity of this argument materially harms and benefits parties involved. The stated conclusion benefits the dragons, and, crucially, the argument relies on doubting the logical, or epistemic correctness the trolls. The trolls believe "the trolls are not too smelly to play trolls, but dragons are not too smelly to portray dragons" just as much as whoever wrote this question believes Premise 1. In order to question the rationality of their opponents, the authors of the problem need to prove why their epistemics are less questionable than their opponents'.

### The statement "The fire trolls is correct" acknowledges that some person could believe something that is false. The first premise, just like "the trolls are not too smelly to play trolls, but dragons are not too smelly to portray dragons" is someone's belief, is someone's belief, namely the author of the problem's. If it is valid for the author of the problem to treat someone else's belief as a predicate that can be either true or false, it is also valid for the reader of the problem to treat the entire

### Let's say someone says to you know tells you "X is true, and if Person A is correct, then Y is true. X and Y are incompatible, therefore Person A is false." My immediate reaction is "Two people having incompatible beliefs means that one is wrong, but I have no evidence yet which of them is wrong.
#### Example: A climate change denier says to you "The earth isn't warming. However, Obama believes the earth is warming" If these are both true, then Obama must be wrong. Would this argument matter? No, because from your perspective, the climate change denier's statement "the earth isn't warming" is at least as worth questioning as Obama's statement "the earth is warming."

### You can't read a statement in a book that isn't written by someone, and no one is logically infallable, so there always must be a chance the author is wrong.

### [[Epistemics]] humility: All equally intelligent, logical, and well informed people are in principle equally likely to be correct

### Email
#### Dear Professor Tien,

#### 

## Logic proof generator!!! https://www.umsu.de/trees/

## Thank you Vlogbrothers for this beauty: http://www.spitzer.caltech.edu/glimpse360/aladin

## https://johnhcochrane.blogspot.com/2020/01/wokeademia.html

## [[Logical Induction]] is  so hard and worthwhile I actually need to spend time learning it

## 
