---
title: December 19th, 2020
---

## I've been liking songs when the immediately struck me as powerful. I end up just listening to my liked on repeat. Is this a bad way to collect songs? Maybe I should save stuff that doesn't feel special, just good, so I have more consistent music all the time.

## [[AIAN]] that synthesized program for balancing with lots of high polynomials is very bad at outof distribution, just like nns. those polynomials blow up bigtime out of domain.
### know this from taylor expansion!!

## TODO https://maxhodak.com/nonfiction/2020/07/17/agi-soon.html [[Read]]
### I'm not great at reading things like this. Maybe I should think about what he doesn't know. The greatest honest claim can be brought down by some known fact the author never saw. [[Tweetable]]

## https://norvig.com/chomsky.html
### My response: Yes you need real explanations. Also, it is impossible to predict what word someone's going to say next with an explanation. [[Tweetable]]

## TODO [[Priority]] Write up [[how to have good relationship with my parents]] and publish it on graphminer.net

## Am I fucking bipolar? certainly feels like for the past few months I've been doing the vast majority of the work in a few short sprints, and a lot of nothing in between. The first time this sort of thing happened was when I was preparing to go to college, in August 2019. Pretty sure I wasn't bipolar before then.

## Shopping list
### 150sqf air purifier

### cat carrier

### chap stick

### long usbc cable

### buy non oralb floss

### usb c to 

### 3+ usb

### nail polish

### microfiber cloth


## best buy worcester went out of business!!!!! this sucks
### this isn't tweetable because my twitter is geog distributed and I don't want to be a boring mundposter
#### submitted mundposter to urbandict
##### fuck off red underline!

### saw this awesome urban dictionary https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=motherhood%20statement

## I wish I had super hearing so I could hear what dad's saying downstairs!!!
### I could move my phone there and have it record audio!!

## [[AKC]][[AKC in the Family]]
### what I do: Observe when parents are spending energy on me. Whenever they are spending energy, think about whether we benefit from that. if not,  figure out why they're spending energy on me and make them stop.
#### going wrong for [[AKC]]
##### people trying to not wake you up while you're sleeping in living room
###### their negative qualia is real

###### can be good for  them to adapt to you. here there is no benefit though

##### the preparing food for you
###### my mom said: "im afraid [[AKC]] will die of starvation"

###### she is worrying about you.

### Plan
#### Sleep in mom's office

#### You prepare raw vegetables for dinner.
##### only things commonly considered edible

#### my dad cares a lot about respect and "considerateness". is in love with apologies, thank yous

### parents' communication pattern: they're both submissive and considerate and avoid conflict. psy costs them to talk about issues
#### release feelings in bursts

### big picture: notice when my parents are worrying about you, and try to make it stop. (talk to tao). Notice when they're spending energy on you.

### TODO Parents' issues (create plan)
#### DONE Pay for his own food
##### get food with amazon prime for 3 days at a time

#### TODO Prepare a raw vegetable plate for the table at dinner. Prepare his own food otherwise.

#### DONE Wash dishes immediately

#### DONE Not sleeping beyond 8 am in the living room 

#### TODO Helping Tao with his chores - for later

#### DONE Not walking around (downstairs) after midnight because dad is easily woken up and can hear you
##### Mom's office is best place to be late at night. Still don't be very loud.

#### TODO Communicating clearly when he needs to use the kitchen

#### DONE Keeping his belongings neat and in the office or Tao's room

#### TODO Folding blanket after waking up 

#### DONE Do not add to our household exposure to COVID 19 –to not shop in person, do not use Uber or public transportation, do not go to restaurants or protests
##### mom is irrationally afraid of COVID. I'm trying to teach her, but for now we should just be ultra-conservative about exposure

##### plan: don't go into other buildings for non-essential reason
###### talk to me + mom if you want to go in other buildings

#### TODO Maintain Ora’s approval of the situation

### TODO Parents' issues (execute plan)
#### TODO Pay for his own food

#### TODO Prepare a raw vegetable plate for the table at dinner. Prepare his own food otherwise.

#### TODO Wash dishes immediately

#### TODO Not sleeping beyond 8 am in the living room 

#### TODO Helping Tao with his chores - for later

#### TODO Not walking around the living after midnight

#### TODO Communicating clearly when he needs to use the kitchen

#### TODO Keeping his belongings neat and in the office

#### TODO Folding blanket after waking up 

#### TODO Do not add to our household exposure to COVID 19–do not shop in person, do not use Uber or public transportation, do not go to restaurants or protests

#### TODO Maintain Ora’s approval of the situation

### Idea ideation session: Have Alex babble 50 ways to make people in my family happier, and then implememnt 5 of those.

## Don't change what you do to sound good. Change what you say to sound good.

## What's the definition of an all in in [[SC2]]? is it "if you lose fight you lose game"? I think it's more like "an event which is the last event you consider, even immediately before the event"

## in [[AltspaceVR]] I tried poking someone with a want immediately without thinking about it. Should I be thinking about physical norms? in this case, it was visually intrusive, so I shouldn't have done it. 
### [[Tao Quotes]] If you poke someone's body in VR, and they don't see it, did it really happen?

## [[GraphVR]] would be awesome to compare a program dependency graph to functional dataflow graph.

## [[GraphVR]] 
### TODO make a way to load lots of graph at once

### Should I represent data attached to edges as their own node type instead of a rich Edge type?
