---
title: May 9th, 2020
---

## My worldview is very similar to that of a cohort of people who are about 15 years older than me. What does this mean?

## Writing a new national narrative?
### I think explicitly trying to do this isn't helpful, because I don't think people who did it in the past wanted to, and they just had the luck to exactly the right amount ahead of their times, and didn't understand the systems they impacted. basically, if they made correct predictions it's because lots of people made wrong predictions and then some of them turned out to be self fulfilling.

### We do know more than we used to about society, but I don't think we're at the level yet where a rational agent can predict the next national narrative well enough to start it.

## Buck Schlegris takes WBE before AGI seriously

## The link trail I'm following has "critical mass", a number and quality of links that makes me expect to be able to spend days on it

## "Son of CDT" seems like a good argument agains cdt to me. any correct criterion must evaluate itselft to be the best criterion.

## AI safety method:
### make an open source agent that people can give whatever values they want, but somehow know all versions of itself will acausal trade with each other and not actually do the very bad things people tell it to do

## Failings of EDT
### If there is some unknown factor influencing decisions, then decisions that correlate with good values of this unknown factor are favored and chosen. IE it tries to make itself look good instead of doing good.
#### If it knows it chose something in order to look good, wouldnt that make its action not evidence? 

## buck schlegris
### I think it's probably at least slightly worthwhile to do good and hope that you can sell some of your impact certificates after good AI outcomes.
