---
title: November 29th, 2020
---

## mitea cmuea
### [[Movie HER]]

### chance bria is trans: 50%

### Post sexual dimorphism

### Ethics of life extension

### keeping brain plastic as you age
#### inject bdnf

#### 

### What actions in your life will have the longest reacing consequences
#### having children

#### people overestimate long lasting consequences

### Should I record ideas I;m hearing that aren't particularly relevent for the record of what happened in different conversations?

### cs 15112

### someone found ea with google "how to stop suffering"

### tzcech gp
#### elish bateler

### Is poverty in society inevitable

### Is hierarchy inevitable
#### Can human status reinforcing biology be eliminated

#### fake ai people at the bottom

#### status related to how harsh environment is

#### hunter gatherer is resource limited, not work limited

#### What happens if people can look however they want

#### woried about straight up eliminating these

### We're talking about reasonable scenarios

### will race exist for very long?
#### 

### Mosquito eradication
#### 

## mark
### non identity 

### no amount of happiness can outweigh extreme suffering

### happiness can counter small amounts of suffering

### reframe happiness/suffering as positive/negative

## eaof&ca quiz
### guess year by searches
#### 2003 YES

#### 2013 YES

#### 2019 YES

#### 2010 NO 2002

#### 2011 NO 2010

#### 2018 NO 2017

#### 2006 YES

#### 2014 YES

#### 5/8

### Countries by Shape
#### Greece YES
##### thailand

#### New Zealand YES

#### Brazil

#### Thailand YES

#### Somalia YES

#### Turkey YES

#### South Africa YES
##### colonial history: 

#### denmark YES
##### ireland, hong kong, singapore

##### she's from here

#### 8

### Music: guess song by opening lyrics
#### She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene
##### beauty queen NO bill

#### There's a lady whos sure all that glitters is gold
##### Stairway to Heaven YES

#### I used to rule the world
##### viva la vida YES

#### I walk the lonely road
##### boulevard of broke dreams by greenday YES

#### bad romance by lady gaga NO poker face

#### zombie jam NO walk like eg

#### I will survive YES

#### I saw him dancing there by the record machine
##### lonely bar NO i love rock and role

#### 4/8

### Order
#### Socrates ~bc YES

#### Cleopatra ~0 NO alex

#### Alex the Great NO cleo

#### Muhammad ~600 YES

#### Genghis Khan ~600 to 1000 NO will

#### Columbus ~1400 NO gengis

#### Shakespeare ~1500 NO joan

#### Joan of arc NO chris

#### William the Conqueror YES

#### Jane Austen ~1800? YES

### 5/10

### 22 points / 34

### Words that more or less rhyme with another releant word
#### Rhymes with Marie
##### Brie YES

#### pet peeve YES

#### henry: humbly, lonely, homely, enui, angry YES

#### microchip YES

#### nicknack YES

#### bednet: corvet YES

#### disaffected YES

#### Bookworm YES

#### hubris, overconfidence, YES

#### 9/9

### 31

### opposition: 32,27

## What do you do if you don't have the  potential to be to p 1% of any top field?
### 

## I talked with [[Eliana]] about a sawtooth progress curve where everyone 

## lives in a time of progress, interspersed with collapses that are somehow forgotten.

## [[Reading List]] https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05418.pdf
### This requires the agent to have no access to its own weakness, or else be too preoccupied to tend to it, 

### or to have no capability of introspection?
#### Does agi need to be able to make mesa optimizers in order to be agi? if so, how can we prevent it from solving heel in mesa optimizer?

### [[Corrigibility]] "not try to influence the switch's pressing via the action of any subagents"
#### could be like "let's build copies of myself. I don't care about off switch, so I'l just leave that out of copies to save $"

## Need to remember to change old semi-copy-pastas when I find bug in leaf

## #DigiKey 

## [[Stencil]] [[Bug]] escape pipe symbol in type in docs 
### there are 370 issues. Should just start with PR

## [[Stencil]] [[Bug]] readme took dropdown__options instead of dropdown

## [[November 30th, 2020]] [[ttc]]
### modal

### nav

### [[IE11 Stencil Guide]]

### Storybook no jsx

### integrate storybook autogenerated md?

### was including label, text, and value in dropdown good? should we remove label or text?
