---
title: June 6th, 2020
---

## #dream
### Paul christiano knew about time travel. I was using time travel, went far into the past (not unkine creed origins) and saw people using small time travel (produced blue light) tolk christiano, he was shocked. He might have said he had time traveled himself, seemeed crepy, was afraid he actually was a traitor and lied about time travelling

### Went to a tavern place. they had lots of people stuffed in the giant trash can because they were roudy and refused to leave last night. Employees subdued them and threwyt hem in pile. I was afraid they might suffocate underneath each other.

### I am at summer camp like area with lots of small clear ponds. We are racing jet boats across pond. some people sink, I go back out to retrieve wrecks (no equipment) boats turn into canoes instead of jet boats. I do that all around different ponds. boats are like ancient greek ships, but small. I try to use eastern magic (kinda factionized like TABS) to repair one but it doesn't work. Bev had put a spell of preservation on her ship that left it in an almost sunk shate forever. I ended up using greek magic to create a new ship.

### Saw party on lake. Two people had human heads attacked to their arms, which were alive. Asked me if I wanted someone else's head attacked to me. I was afraid.

### I'm in somewhere like our house. For some reason I feel the need to kill some of this hoarde of like 20 identical 3 year olds. They have rubber thingies like exercise bands or slingshot bands. I kill multiple of them by suffocating them and breaking their necks
