---
title: March 19th, 2020
---

## I'm doing terribly right now, I need to 

## There's so much knowledge I desperately need RIGHT NOW
### How much impact will corona have on countries / sectors?

### How are things priced now relative to that?

### Is going home now good?

### I need to work on #[[COVID19 Response Simulator]]

## At least I can type a bit faster now that I'm quarantined, at least when I'm not self-conscious wabout it.
### The fact that my performance is so bogged down by self-consciousness right now is REALLY BAD

## What amn't I seeing about myself? #[[Personal Indicators]]

## How about I do some typing practice? That is
### productive (somewhat)

### non-cotnitive

### high-bandwidth, so it blocks stuff out

## #Typing
### Does this really have predictive power? I don't have blood alcohol content anymore, so this could have given me more value a little bit earlier, but this is pretty good as it is.

### Psycho babble stuffiness. I need to get on a zoom call.
#### TODO Make a nitification whenever someone invites me to a zoom call. 

### Psycho babble stuffiness, as I was saying. 

### Writing a novel would be good. What was my first one about?
#### It was about a boy who had a strong father who lived in an environment with big agents.

#### I have a thing for high power agency, even then.

### Who am I

### What the fuck is that? o, it's just the dark army guy who got burned. 
#### Why didn't they try harder to make the crash look reasonable?
##### They actually didn't drive away with the van because they were creeped out, it worked. The guy didn't drive away because he got temporarily knocked out again when they arrived, or something like that. 

##### What the fuck's she dooing? Looking at the traffic camera.

### Why do shows even need "thing" s like that. Does breaking into buidling s really add to Mr. Robot? actually yes, it's so anti-social, different, it grounds him.

### What the fuck is that?

## Why the fuck did I write everything on this page yesterday!!!!
### Can #Roam allow us to change the day rollover time so stuff is organized more sensically? to like 3am local time?

## Parasite - plot prediction attempt
### stopping wifi to 

### him banging boss girl

## 
