---
title: March 10th, 2020
---

## [[March 24th, 2020]] tell people about #Precipice

## How much memory would it take to record a compressed time series brain state? What about recording everything at a super fine timescale, like 1/10 seconds?
### Guesss: brain state doesn't change very fast most of the time. An average day probably requires 1/1000 of the total brain state information.

## https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/HLqWn5LASfhhArZ7w/expecting-short-inferential-distances

## Can there be a programming language that would more directly equate length of program to "amount of working memory slots need to be allocated / reallocated to understand it"?
### not really, need a simpler theory like marginal likelihood. The primary difference between those and programs is programs arent' required to take finite time or space

## At what age do people normally show strong signs of #[[Effective Altruism]] or #Rationalism?
### 

## #Prediction
### Can I do better than John Watkins?
#### probs no, bit I'll try!

## #[[Age and Wisdom]] https://slatestarcodex.com/2017/11/07/does-age-bring-wisdom/
### 1. Less excitement about radical utopian plans to fix everything in society at once
#### **I'm pretty good here**

### 2. Less belief that I’m special and can change the world
#### **I can imagine moving up this axis a lot.**

### 3. Less trust in any specific system, more resignation to the idea that anything useful requires a grab bag of intuitions, heuristics, and almost-unteachable skills.
#### **I'm not here yet. I think I still have space above me in terms of Theory of Everything, but I also need a lot of social skills that will be hard-to-transfer-to**

### 4. More willingness to assume that other people are competent in aggregate in certain ways, eg that academic fields aren’t making incredibly stupid mistakes or pointlessly circlejerking in ways I can easily detect.
#### **I'm normal here? I need to refine my model**
##### TODO Take research reliability test again

### 5. More willingness to believe that power (as in “power structures” or “speak truth to power”) matters and infects everything.
#### **I'm far along here**

### 6. More belief in Chesterton’s Fence.
#### **IDK**

### 7. More concern that I’m wrong about everything, even the things I’m right about, on the grounds that I’m missing important other paradigms that think about things completely differently.
#### **This is scary. I'm glad I don't have this yet :|**

### 8. Less hope that everyone would just get along if they understood each other a little better.
#### **somewhat in the middle, IDK**

### 9. Less hope that anybody cares about truth (even though ten years ago I would have admitted that nobody cares about truth).
#### **ouch, still have some distance to go here**

## #GED is super similar to #[[Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance]]

## 
