---
title: December 7th, 2020
---

## critique of [[Roam]]
### copy tables and graph into roam harder than notiojn.

### rearranging blocks

## [[fpt guide]] 

## [[Ken Stanley]] 

## [[Roam Parser]] architecture idea
### Data structure: `{:ast :text}`

### Read in text

### First pass: parse "link" type things. [[Roam Render]][[Block Ref]][[Page Ref]][[Link]][[Alias]]

### Second pass: use insta/transform to parse all non-link things with highlight, bold, ect.

### What I need to add to Instaparse: [[Adding Matching Lookahead]], aka [[Parallel Parsing]]

### 

## [[Roam Parser]] architecture idea 2
### Parse into start / end tokens for group types, like `"[[" "Other Page" "]]" "**" "Maybe Bold"` then have a second pass that transforms into ast

### This first pass still leaves the later-overrides-earlier and parse-while-satisfying-other-constraints problems

## [[Roam Parser]] reference
### https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it/blob/master/docs/architecture.md

### 

## Match group has a monopoly on dating websites https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Match_Group

## [[ofea]] forecasting
### how many people died from malaria in 2000

### 5% of deaths ever from malaria - 5B deaths.

### 1B vulnerable. covid kills 0.5%, so maybe malaria kills same number, 5M

### Real answer: 800,000

### 216M infections

### 0.5 

## [[Applications]] work@comma.ai

## [[Taleb]] has convinced me that the field of [[Effective Altruism]][[Improving Institutional Decision Making]] is a bit misguided. We need to change incentives more than teach skills. Your skills evaporate as soon as you don't need them. (at least until you've been practicing for hours a day for years)

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] integrate external search into Roam. For example, search for tweets by people (possibly that you've liked / responded to), facebook posts by people, ect. Right now [[Conaw]] copies tweets over manually, but I don't like doing that myself.

## Me talking to [[Giacomo]]
### One reason I say no is that if you're lying to people, you're competing for people's attention against every scammer, corporate advertiser, government propagandist, and random person in the world . They spend hundreds of billions on this. If you tell the truth, to people who want the truth, you're competing with no one.

### I think there's an important distinction between lying to someone about something that could directly help or hurt them, like their temperature, and lying to someone about an abstract fact

### actually, nvm. that's not what I believe at all.

### I'm talking about the practicality of making large numbers of people believe a lie. For every lie you preach to people, someone else is preaching an opposite lie, and it becomes a contest of how much money you can spend

### for instance, if you're lying about factory farming to raise awareness, you're fighting against farmer lobbyists and advertisers with the opposite lie. You would need to have as much money as the entire meat industry to beat them

### [3:10](https://fellowship-mt20.slack.com/archives/D01F0N56PNK/p1607371850010600)

### It's more effective to focus on the people who aren't susceptible to your opponent's lies.

### If you tell the truth, good people can tell and they'll come to you. 

### Meat companies have their own visuals. They show pictures of happy animals grazing in the fields. They can show people getting sick from eating "unnatural, GMO fake meat". They can show people getting sick from lack of vitamins from meat.

### [3:38](https://fellowship-mt20.slack.com/archives/D01F0N56PNK/p1607373525019800)

### Also, meat companies pay US public schools billions to serve milk and meat, and put up advertisements like "Got Milk?" in every school.
