---
title: November 25th, 2020
---

## Was just reading gwern, then programming. Thought I had been listening to something, then realized it was actually reading

## OMG this gives me way too many good results!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
### ((fb8e8432-ae49-4ddf-b6e4-4a0a5f1fee51))

## Research on ranges of happiness
### 

## Is there any benefit in publicly giving alpha investment advice?

## https://slatestarcodex.com/2016/03/23/the-price-of-glee-in-china/
### Again assuming I haven’t made some simple calculation mistake, I can think of three ways to go from here. First, abandon consequentialism entirely (I understand that having children will likely decrease my happiness, but I still want to have children because I value them for non-utilitarian reasons). Second, switch to a consequentialism based on non-subjective things like maximizing development and industrialization as a terminal goal (Really? Even if everyone hates it? Does it matter what the factories are building? How about paper clips?). Third, switch to preference utilitarianism.
#### uh, duh, did you forget you can bite the bullet?

## Nicolai played Poker with two bailouts, the World Bank and the IMF.

## Have people argued against [[Investing To Give]] for movement building reasons?

## Should be a story with a utilitarian main character where the villain causes  someone truly eternal suffering, and the main character needs to keep themselves together even though there are truly infinite stakes.

## Is graph coloring register allocation "data that's op-d together is next to each other, same color is same register"?

## I want to make Unison stuff more accessible. I think the Haskell syntax is just too much for most people, and is a serious barrier to Unison

## #DigiKey today
### ((e7783763-1deb-4abe-932a-d94f1ddb1cdd))

### ((729c291b-3eec-472e-b2d6-fdb1d0057708))

### ((e5a918e7-380d-440e-8d0e-42848a95c623))

### It's aweful how differences in, say, dom structure in IE11 make an enormous difference because they can crash entire websites, whereas layout differences are localized and accepable

## #idea make an ai that can compose mappings, a->b, b->c to a->c by itself

## pipeline composition is the most important deliverable of functional programming?

## neovim requires python 2 and jdk 11. whyyyyy

## [[Applications]]

## Grba
### mass appeal climate change

### smoking, seatbelts

### smoking in eu

### make more palletable arguments

### fintech, food, agi, 

### across latin america

### foreign companies spreading to latin america

### dark kitchen

### alternative protein

### venture in latin america: mfost companies have to reach critiacal mass of people for b2c, 

### is vc funding a startup really counterfactually useful

### most govts besides chile in latin america don't encourage entropraneurship

### interested in travelling to Mexico?

## #MLLang #Haskell #Unison
### Why can't we compose monads?
#### (>==) f a= join (fmap f a)

### "monad is monoid in category of endofunctors" this means if you apply monad to monad, you get monad

### why do people talk about semigroup? aren't they almost always monoids?

### I hate haskell 'where' upside down let. wtf.

### https://www.haskell.org/onlinereport/derived.html#derived-appendix

### this still hasn't sunk in
#### Types in mllangs are written as 'Constructor contained...'

#### Sum types have multiple different constructors, like 'Constructor contained'

## Browser extensions that matter
### UBlock Origin

### Vimium

### Tab Saver

### LastPass

## What is Haskell `deriving`?
### does `deriving Show` mean it shows the same, or shows as `{Constructor} {show value}`?

### idea: only works for pure single parameter types where the parameter has the given method, makes `method (Constructor val)=Constructor (method val)`

## Dude that's not a real leaf!! **data** Tree a **=** Leaf | Bin a (Tree a) (Tree a)
### real leaf would be `data Tree a = Leaf a | Bin a (Tree a) (Tree a)`

### ``

## Problems with #Vimium
### doesn't work in pdfs

### doesn't work in "page not found" screen

### doesn't work in extensions screen, settings screen, ect

## #Idris concept of zero quantity parameter is interesting. It can say "decompression of compression of x equals x" and "x can't be used to decompress x"

## What I want to do today?
### Unison 2h

### Digikey 2h

### 
