---
title: November 23rd, 2020
---

## Of existing open source projects to work on, Unison is the one!!!

## is self-signalling legit? [[Reading List]]

## Why do people want excuses?

## https://slatestarcodex.com/2018/09/25/the-tails-coming-apart-as-metaphor-for-life/
### And if you ask “how meaningful would you rate your life?” you find that African countries are the happiest in the world.

## **I've been confusing "happiness varies with log of income" and "material, not status, effects of wealth on happiness are log"**

## I have a recurring dream where I get chopped up, the pieces float back together, and then get chopped up again in an endless cycle

## Negative presentaiton of EA is real. If i can't present it right, don't present it at all

## #DigiKey work today
### dropdown ie11 bug
#### Dropdown problem?: Because dk-dropdown__options is rendered inside dk-options, its polyfil styles only work there.
##### add styles manually

#### scrollX doesn't work

### simplify it until it works

## I described my curtains as "unevenly dyed green" while in my room, remembering seeing my curtains like 5+ years ago. Since then I literally didn't see the color of my curtains

## appacademy
### take a look at intro to programming 2

### what is taught?

### 15 minutes per problem. Remember that.

### Be verbal!!!

### don't rely on running your code

### pair programming driving
#### don't type ahead

#### make sure you understand the code

### pair programming navigating
#### Make sure you come up with strat

#### make sure you're on the same page

#### you have to solve problem

## why am i so fucking out of control?????????

## Parfit said: in terms of the balance, human history hasn't been worth it

## What do I think about secularization?
### I realllly don't know

## Giacomo: the precipice was a century ago 
### when carl marx was alive 

### we can't do collective international action now

### transition to marxism should have been in britain germany or france

## "ai do bad jobs, free up people to do jobs they like" this is bs. People doing bad jobs would only have good jobs if others valued them more than they're worth. (for male, labor type jobs). For social jobs, it might be possible for everyone to have a good job.

## Why explain before code? because it signals that you actually care about explaining because you're less likely to walk away after explaining first than walk away after coding first

## New bios camera thing has smooting. It reduces noise everyone, and also removes my pimples

## My mind is blank, in a bad way. How can I change this?

## Right now I have a Roam on every window. This is good.

## No correlation between depression prevelence and self reported satisfaction?

## I have not [[Replacing Guilt]] ed since family meeting. Need to soon

## My phone keeps muting by accident. I could sand down the grippies on the slider so it doesn't catch as much

## Historical stuff: Why don't you consider filtering?
### Other species extinction rate is similar to human historical estimate, meaning low chance of filter between animals & us

## Do I feel "impostor syndrome"? yes

## Why isn't the convention to put the questionmark inside or outside the quotes depending whehter the gramatical question is contained within or outside the quotation?

## Why transformers not sentence trees? humans can interpret one sentence as having multiple parse trees at once. transformers capture this, sentence trees don't

## {{Done null}} [[November 24th, 2020]] read pair programming resource https://prepwork.appacademy.io/pair-programming/?d_utk=a830b1e9-2991-4f6a-b576-e4f0607617fb&_om=557874

## can you use vim text editing with vimium?

## Vimium has search open tabs!!! I've always wanted this, it's much beter than the "serach open tabs" extension

## Big problem with vimium!!! It freezes on pdfs! Have to use regular control tab to get out of this

## WTF I'm gonna try programming with vr. So be it!!!!

## I restarted my computer and the lag from the VR Link is much less. Now it spikes, but isn't consistently bad. My keystrokes aren't even slow!!!!!
### This is pretty awesome

## Now I am using vimium. Does it work with Roam? can I disable it just in Roam?
### Text shows up as a link! just use f

## This could force me to get better at touch typing. That would probably be goood in the log run.

## Also forces me to use more keyboard navigation.

## Is TOR more secure if you use it more, or less?
### more:
#### more traffic from you means they can't correlate you to your activity

### less:
#### you look less suspicious if you use tor less.

#### How popular is tor?
