---
title: November 20th, 2020
---

## [[Reading List]]

## [[Problems with Me and Video]]

## [[Early Adopter]]

## [[DigiKey]]

## Should I learn [[CategoryTheory]]?
### It is useful for programming in Haskell, Scala, Unison, and maybe others

### It is useful for working at MIRI

### Those things aren't particularly important

## [[Leetcodes for Dirk]]

## Is there a funcamental difficiculty in a fill-in-detail-as-you-go simulation?
### Everything needs to exactly add up. In order for that to work most subsets of reality that we could 'not pay attention to' can be exactly compressed. Is it reasonable for the universe to be highly exactly compressible?

## Does using VR with a mouse and keyboard work?
### The screen is bigger. It's actually hard to find the home row keys whern you're 100% blind to them. There's also a delay. It seems like a delay of about 2-3 hundered miliseconds. The resolution is worse, although it's still very much usable. 10.5 sans serif font is readable, but a little blurry. clicking small icons is very bad with this level of delay, but typing is doable, although slow.

### This is crazy

### Silver lining is mouse being practically useless might Uget me to use keyboard more.

### Sound does just work

### This doesn't work unless I can use keyboard for 100% of stuff

### Th

## According to Hotz, only coutnries with young populations go to war.
### Is this because younger pop means more competition, and with more competition, war is more appealing? War puts health, courage above skills / intelligence, so is a better option for low ses young men.

## #Mage

## Razer Numbers
### Product: RZ09-02385E9Z

### Serial: BY1850A44706768
