---
title: December 17th, 2020
---

## Thought that the universe could have been created by simulators to intentionally be ambiguously finite or infinite is scary https://twitter.com/taoroalin/status/1339787167866957824

## #DigiKey I haven't seen this architecture before. I have low level function, function that produces that, function that produces that, as different levels of boilerplate removal

## OMG I had no idea [[Elon Musk]] was still so involved in technical details https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kQEmIwWEmw

## I fell for Cyberpunk 2077. I think the biggest tell was the heuristic that products with exceptionally good paid advertising usually have the worst products compared to their competitors. 

## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loCBvaj4eSg&t=706s Visualize graphs with hyperbolic space in [[VR]]!!! b 

## [[Storybook]][[Improvements]] Args as properties of a function is dumb. Properties of functions are just bad!!!! Should be {args,render}

## #Fuck. https://twitter.com/Aella_Girl/status/1339666048816037889

## 

## Web based VR isn't the future. The performance is almost good enough right now. Optimized apps will be good enough to replace other [[BCI]]s soon. It would take another 2 years + for web vr to reach that level.
### People's screen time is pretty much already maxed out. In order for VR to grow it needs to beat those other screens.

## Could Skull clamp lensed VR ever be a good idea? Because Tested said solid headband is "miles better" (or something) than soft, which is all I've used, I'd say no.

## [[VR Programming]]

## [[Sidekick]][[Improvements]] make deleting last tab instantly rebalance tabs. Chrome already does this

## [[VR Productivity]][[Improvements]]make shortcut key to pan around different screens.
### Get shortcut keys to interact with [[Immersed]] at all

## Using this sort of screen-in-vr, I would say I get 1080p resolution equivelent for reading. That's about half of the per-eye raw resolution. Where does the other resolution go? I think most of the loss is in the bleed over light between pixels. 

## Tried moving each eye around individually. Bleedover happens as long as the headset isn't positioned correctly. Tolerence is about 4mm in any direction. Even with perfect positioning, there is still some bleedover. 

## All the VR software seems to be from a few years ago. The software hype came a bit too early, and died off. Now that the hardware is here, we need to recharge the field with developers

## [[Work Out]] only helps me when it's like soccer, not running up and down hill

## [[VR]] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dHBC-tOnh4
### A lot of his problems are just magnified versions of things he's already doing wrong. You should have ZERO need to use your phone while on your ocmputer. You should have all comms stuff on computer as well. You should learn how to touch type all the keys you actually use, not just 26 letters.

### "don't reinvent the same programming in VR. Make full use of VR in programming

### [[VR Productivity]]

### 

## [[Immersed]] has been working since 2019. I'm so late to this! Also, as per [[Patrick Collison]], even when you feel late to the right party, you are only at the beginning.

## [[VR]][[Immersed]] latency is worse than [[VRDesktop]], but it is workable. Funny how this can be better than Link
### Holy fuck there will come a time where the only device I carry will be a VR / AR headset. No computer. No phone. No peripherals (besides comfort things).

## Today I spent 240 on home improvement, 20 on VR Desktop, and likely 50 on vr head band. Spending graph looks like single spike in month.

## [[Quest]][[Improvements]] taking photos bricks system until open oculus menu again

## [[Quest]][[Improvements]] whenever put on headset again, it reasets position. Should be able to toggle this with keeping position between puttings-on when there is boundary
