---
title: February 2nd, 2020
---

## Vbw analysis of good old neom

### They don't ask what outside of his solipsism could bring Neal out. They don't engage with Neal when he says "I don't have love" not by lacking something knowable, but being sincerely unable to conceptualize itamd never have experienced it. They assume there's a common sense thing of value outside of solipsism that would somehow become apparent to him if he only stopped thinking about himself. I think If he just lost himself he'd have nothing, possibly forever 

## [[Bayes]] vs Popper
### The probability a theory is correct isn't the same as its usefullness, in Bayes or otherwise. The theory "I have a theory" is useless, and a Bayesian will dutifully increase its credence over time, but it isn't mutually exclusive with any useful theories, so it will not matter.

### The negation of a theory is actually an aggregation of all the mutually exclusive theories to X. 

### Bayes doesn't tell you what information is valuable. It just says what you should believe and predict given the information you have.  An uninformed hermit can follow Bayes Rule and accurately predict his environment, but have no useful knowledge.

## I still find  https://youtu.be/LFnV-vb1Bxc extremely engaging. When most of the girls look at the camera, you get the impression that they exist. When Sofia looks at the camera, you get the impression of an object whose sole purpose is engendering emotions in you. A pure maximizer, you could say.

## https://www.gwern.net/Complement

## [[EA research ideas]]
### More radical theories of cosmology, like dark forest, everetianism, eternal inflation, youngness paradox, ect and implications on the far future, consciousness, morality, priors

### Thoughts on arguing against nihilism, and the real problem that people could have nothing and thus nothing to make an aught from

### Does the choice of popperian vs Bayesian epistemics directly impact EA decisions?

### [[Data science on backgrounds of EAs for identifying conversion targets]]

### 
