---
title: October 28th, 2020
---

## Time travel intervention:
### First off, if the time machine is a single-use object (rather than a spontaneous event),  I would save it for as long as possible to do more research / have access to more technology / respond to any catastrophies in the interim. I would have an on-call team that's ready to respond to catastrophes. I would shoot for a reaction time of about 12 hours, and a rugged computer that's constantly synced with general knowledge to bring with them, such that the team could learn more about the catastrophe after a quick escape. Of course they may choose to avert the current catastrophe, or go back farther.
#### This could be a bad idea if 

### If the time machine is a single-use object (rather than a spontaneous event),  I would wait as long as possible before using it. There are a couple reasons for this: there are certainly decades of "Historical Priorities Research" to be done to find the best intervention, the actual traveller would require years of preparation, and we would have access to more technology, should we choose to bring it back. That's given that people will devote their lives to research with likely little proof that the machine is legit, but this research is already somewhat on the EA agenda anyway. During that time people could be on guard to flee to the past in the event of a true catastrophe. Even if there was a nuclear war, I don't know whether we should go back and prevent the war, or whether our historical plans would be more valuable. In either case, they would want to be ready to leave if anything happened to Earth. I would shoot for a reaction time of about 12 hours, and a rugged computer that's constantly synced with general knowledge to bring with them, such that the team could learn more about the catastrophe after a quick escape.

### This would be a direct test of how much a small group can get done

### Jesus

### Agriculture

### Industrial Revolution

### Human population bottleneck 50000-100000 years ago

### Edit the Bible. It is the information replicated the most times throughout history, and thus it's probably the best vehicle for a cultural or intellectual agenda. Finding the right edits would not be easy, because the bible would need to retain the qualities that made it so viral in the first place. 

### Edits could include reducing mysogeny/anti-LGBTQ, valuing the happiness and suffering of all beings, and putting more faith in reason. Adding more reason could easily undermine the persuasive power of the bible, but something could probably be done.

### The bible was written between 0 and 100 AD in Greek, so "the team" of time travellers would need to learn ancient Greek (the known parts now, all the unrecorded parts when they arrived), go back to either 1 or 2 bc and influence early manuscripts / verbal recitations, or perhaps arrive around 50AD and write the official Bible, or influence those who wrote it.
