---
title: December 20th, 2020
---

## [[How use computer naturally?]] what do people do when they interact with computer first time?
### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saQLzgCv4no

### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VsjBcHO-Xs

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] at midnight, it instantly focuses the new next day even while you're writing on prev day. Should let you continue writing.

## [[Meditation]] thought I could see through each eye seperately while both eyes were closed. Thought I could move each eye seperately, but from video it seems like I wasn't actually moving each eye seperately

## [[GraphVR]] [[Controls]] options
### wasd: w parent, s child, a/d sibling in tree

### tab betwen edges, enter to follow

### wasd+qe move in the edge that's closest to one of those 6 directions
#### or just wasd

### arrow keys vs wasd?

### Alt+wasd to move around

### ctrl+enter, or shift+enter to follow link under cursor (or ctrl o like Roam)

### 

## [[GraphVR]][[Controls]] I want a keyboard shortcut set that works for people who don't already know an IDE. For alpha, may be better to cater to people who already know shortcut set

## Unity 2020 with xr interaction had bug where moving head moved controllers, but not camera

## [[GraphVR]] [[Testing]]
### Adam

### [[Dirk]]
#### java 54

#### js 25

#### py 6.2

### Java has good history of tools like this, likely start there

## [[GraphVR]] [[VR Integration]]
### At very least, need to have terminal in graph vr. 

### Ideally, os would have mixed app support so they could bring whatever windows or add-ons they want, like website for webdev, other tools, ect into this app

### Or could have browser window

## I agree it's not useful for experts
### understanding libraries you're using

### I get completely confused looking in external libraries

### each node is a point in code. You could have different subsections

### levels of code graph
#### class / module level

#### function level

#### [[Dirk]] is a [[VR Believer]]
##### he used dk 2

##### replace mouse with jestures, not keyboard

#### [[Quest]]

## [[GraphVR]] [[Graph Layout]] [[location-centered tree layout]][[December 25th, 2020]]
### {{[[drawing]] null}}

### Idea is take tree layout, and pull everything as close to the user horizontally as possible. User's ancestry is always straight vertical line. User's children are always centered around them. (actually set of children of a certain depth are centered around user). This way peripheral stuff doesn't get in the way of close stuff, but it's all as close as it can be

### Algorithm
#### For each in layer, add children to next layer

#### Lay out children evenly.

#### children become next layer

## [[GraphVR]] [[Shortcut Graph]] what if there was a general feature for the user to create their own graph that connected into the main data graph?
### the problem: some graphs have unneccesary amount of links, like directories. Just like normal file explorer (or equivelent) has "quick access", user could have set of nodes they can always get to. Alternatively, could have whole nother graph that indexes existing legacy graph.

## [[Enforcing chores]] procedure:
### when see trash full or something, text ora and set reminder for 3 hours later. 

## [[Jonathan Blow]] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4t1K66dMhWk
### entities want to refer to other entities, but entities come and go

### wow this is [[Rereading]]

## [[Unity]][[Improvements]] It's so annoying how unity freezes to compile when you open window

## [[GraphVR]] is there a way to layout a graph by bending space instead of moving nodes? 

## https://twitter.com/RokoMijicUK/status/1340771405042999297
### 

## Unity providing graphical "arguments to preset" would actually be no simpler than calling GetComponent lots of times

## In a lot of graphs, it's hard to get ids for edges.

## Google autocomplets "programming question..." to "programming question c#" because I'm learning c#! that's actually pretty cool!

## [[Jonathan Blow]]
### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2J-HIh3kXCQ

### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ej_3NKA3pk 
#### "most people's opinions about programming are not evidence based: they're from hacker news"

#### "the asthetic is lets do this complicated thing because it shows us a structure of how to program that's exciting or interesting to think about, but if you look at that structure closely, it doesn't actually make it closer to solving the problem, it actually makes it harder"

#### "if you're going to be like a mathematician and treat all possible combinations in space as being equally valuable, then that's an interesting thing to think about, but if you're an engineer, how does it apply to my program as I iterate it over time and try to build programs

#### "I see reason why people fail is they have a system that's overly complex and doesn't actually solve the problem. trying to shift culture towards something that is more simple and actually solves the problem."

#### "most problems arent' that hard, but people often 

#### if one piece is more complex, you get superlinear cost to that complexity accross your program

#### cost is according to nlogn or n^2 amount of complexity

#### efficient multi threaded entity component system. it's not good, it's not the right thing. that's not the approacch, that gave us directshow. 

#### if someone made a game engine that was good, and shipped for real, and used threaded ECS, then I would care.

#### Read input -> simulate game state -> render

#### you want the renderer to dictate how the rest of the engine works, because that's where most of the complexity is

#### Our problem is that we're not allergic to complexity [[Jonathan Blow]]

#### programming culture is new and growing explosively right now, and there's little selection pressure 

#### in programming social pressure more powerful than technical pressure

#### Real world constraints are getting more lax because people are hiring more developers to do the same thing

#### here's how [[Jonathan Blow]] learned to program: I liked math class, and then in 6th grade, had computer class. very simple cause and effect

## [[JAI]]
### module system: you keep modules local. external cli tool to import modules.
#### Keeping modules in your program keeps people aware of what code is actually used in their program.

### in JAI you can make your own warnings thing for compiler
#### in c you have warning culture. you are allowed to make mistakes like implicit casts

### there will be default metaprogram.

### He seems to have had a management issue that really shouldn't be a problem for someone with as much experience running companies as him. 

### [[JAI]] won't be a reasonable choice for solving any problem for at least 2 years. Probably shouldn't follow it now then.

### Good 

## Wow in[[C#]] everything is capitalized except paramenter names. That's different.

## most bug reports are fine, but some are like "scary i have no idea how that could possibly ever happen" and some are "fuck my whole abstraction doesn't work"

## philosophy in c++ is "you can't change fopen even if you want to " using your own malloc is annoying. other programs have a different problem. they get dependencies from web

## My programming heroes: [[Jonathan Blow]][[Rich Hickey]]

## [[GraphVR]] [[OOP]] [[Dad]]
### use partial classes for additional node information instead of subclasses?

### Use visitor pattern

### Use lru cache for data nodes

### use seperate data class for nodes. Then have render(nodeData) instead of render(nodeId)

### have default render(nodeData)

### Would it make sense

## Bad experience at college: CS prof gave us a formal logic question like "if person x is correct, then y". I told him "in an argument about whether philosopher X's argument is sound, you need to acknowledge that your argument could be unsound. (Basic veil of ignorance)". He was like "you might be on to something. Don't have time for that here though". didn't actually care about knowledge at all.

## I want to trade private Roam's. 
### TODO share my intent to trade private Roams with someone. ofc difficulties, our roams are personally identifiable

## Having notes accessible after I turn lights off is good. Have good ideas right when I switch from "on" mode to "off" mode

## TODO [[AKC in the Family]] find scientific paper showing wiping groceries is superstition [[Priority]]

## I mentioned that [[AKC]] should sleep downstairs, and he did it. Then mom told him to sleep upstairs lots of times, and he never did. Tiz because I project power, she doesn't.

## People use signalling to make others like them. Instead, use kindness.
### yes, of course the best social people use both

## Is there a general IQ component that's like "knowledge linking quality"? I think my biggest cognitive strength is the latent links between concepts in my knowledge. Is this an aspect similar to others in IQ?

## If people got into college by lottery being a dropout wouldn't be so bad for me? would it even be bad overall? [[Tweetable]]

## Should I tag stuff with [[Tweetable]] and periodically tweet? would be less flow-interrupting than switching to twitter every few minutes when I have something to say
