---
title: December 27th, 2020
---

## [[What have I accomplished today?]]
### got [[Oculus Link]] to work

### did framerate limit 

## I finally have a decent work environment for VR!!!! I can code in VR, press f5, be in VR, pres ESC, and keep coding!!!!!

## best short cut distance for VR is actual front of headset. That's about 7cm.

## [[Oculus Link]] Fixed Mostly!!!! Fix is to set priority of task to Realtime.

## Oculus world demo cubes with text are unintuitive af. i put my head close to see them, but they were out of focus because my eyes automatically focused in at them. had to defocus to read right up in my face.

## [[GraphVR]][[Native VR]]
### Why does render take Matrix4x4 of `view` and `proj`? don't you only need camera, or camera for each eye?
#### Seems like `proj` is the properties of the display, and `view` is the properties of the camera in world. They interlock to form the whole camera description. In other words, they are each part of a complete Matrix4f

### The first time I downloaded a program that's literally a <1M executable that you just download and fucking run I was like "mind blown". Now I can do that!!!

### Wanted to get rid of DWORD cause its ugly. actually that doesn't work, choices are keep using it or switch to platform independent libraries like SFML. will just keep it as is now.

### How are edges owned / identified? it isn't always easy to give each one an id. could have no global registry, just references from nodes, nodes kill edges if they're the only ones.

## [[Jonathan Blow]] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnctEW1oL-E
### what's good about academic compiling?
#### Division between lexer and parser is good

### Incrementally generated stack traces debug feature! keep your own stack trace that omits OS BS and has its own useful stuff

## [[GraphVR]] [[Prior Work]]
### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaRHU1XxMJQ

## No matter how much something like Java optimises during runtime, it will always take time to start, and it will always take time to optimise. Every layer inevitably adds overhead.
