---
title: June 9th, 2020
---

## https://www.connectedpapers.com/

## [[Finale of the Ultimage Meta Mega Crossover]]

## [[Jigsaw Solving Algorithm]]
### Problem axes: whole picture included? Dimensions included? Do the pieces have to fit into a rectangular matrix? Does each edge match need to be unique? Does the puzzle need to be determinable by shape alone?

### Problem Formulation: Given high resolution images of the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle spaced apart on a monocolor (ideally green or blue screen) background, find the arrangement of pieces that connects everything

### Number of pieces: up to 2500

### Number of piece-edges: up to 10000

### Number of possible grid permutations of pieces: 2500! orderings * 4^2500 rotations
#### ^ridiculous number

### Algorithm 1
#### Detect puzzle pieces

#### Seperate puzzle pieces

#### Extract edge shape for each piece

#### Graph matching algorithm
##### Could greedily look for matches above some threshold of similarity and accrete pieces onto puzzle perimeter. This likely won't work because edges aren't detailed enough (humans have to physically fit pieces together to be sure they fit, machine vision is worse than that)

##### Other option is to keep track of best guess and redo parts of puzzle when stuck
###### There is a similarity score between every pair of faces on different pieces, which we can use as an inverse cost

###### Find the 2d grid graph with the lowest total cost, very similar to travelling salesman / minimal spanning tree. Travelling salesman can also be stated as a set of edges such that each node is on 2 of those edges plus the constraint that all must be reachable. Jigsaw problem is that all  

##### Threshold Backtracking: Greedily match everything above a threshold to a blob, then if there is no match, split the solve along a line of most cost and start again

##### Merging: Match the best pair of edges. Repeat.

## #MTG Reid Duke:
### If there's 1 ponder, it's overwhelmingly likely that there are also 3 more ponders and 4 brainstorms

### I'm the only legacy player I know to play a number other than 0 or 4 ponders

## If you run an extremely powerful AI (with probabalistic components) on top of a normal random number generator, would the AI's ability to crack the random number generator prevent it from working?

## [[Permutation City]] if Maria Deluca tells the dust computer to wake her up after it solves an uncomputable but possibly terminating problem, what happens?

## 
