---
title: November 5th, 2020
---

## The simulation doesn't need to be turing complete if it has a scheduled end date

## #StencilUtils

## Babble: stable cooperative institutions
### First off, this question feels far harder to write about than the last, so i only hope that what I write will be good enough.

### Persisence research important. It claims that cultures with trust can cooperate, and cultures with economic growth foster trust. Growth is importatnt for trust because only in a positive sum game can you benefit by cooperating on a large scale. In a zero sum game you are only incentivised to cooperate in the short term, but to undermine your own coallition when its victory becomes innevitable. At least that is what they say, and it matches my experience playing multiplayer games.

### Viscerality. Some things, like the example of a drowing child, an army, or others can give everyone an instinctual urge to fight that unites us. We have had 70 years of peace, one of the longest stretches ever, which denies us the instinctual unifying power of war / true conflict / risk.

### The time period of 70 years is about the practicall lifetime of a human. It also lines up with the "long business cycle" which lasts about 80-100 years. That may be how long it takes for humanity to truly forget something.

### Belief in religion / nationalism / other "causes greater than onesse'f" are very low.

### Response to the 0-3 part:
#### I agree institutions are failing. It seems almost unlimited in scope, so I don't think individual company cultures are at fault as much as American culture.

### Economic stagnation: we are stagnating in economic growth compared to the postwar period, maybe the most since the industrial revolution? i don't know much about that though...

### response to subcultures:
#### I am amazed how well this forum / particular subculture has persisted throughout what I do perceive to be a loss of subcultures. Good job!

### I'm going to try some more true brainstorming, now that I've mentioned others' theories:
#### pollution. perhaps stuff people in the anti-aging community keep complaining about, or something else, has been killing us on the inside and somehow disrupting our emotions / behavior / intellingence. Claims about this sound somewhat convincing, but hard to verify

#### in-person communication: other forms of communication are pretty well known to reduce trust / erode norms of kindness / cooperation.

#### Communication speed: Perhaps humans need our communication speed to be in line with our thought speed in order to function. 

#### Google: what if our ability to look up information is destroying our society? this reduces our reliance on other people in our immediate vicinity for information, which is one core driver of trust. This is related to "internet bubbles" where you aren't exposed to other's opinions everyday, but I'm saying the act of passing around information everyday in person would be important.

#### Mass media from state: It is now possible for a few people to inordinately influence everyone. This allows us to fall into "bigger fake news bubbles" than before, because if someone 100 years ago wants to brainwash the public, they can only do that with a message small enought o fit on a single pamphlet, or to be memorized by every govt worker. Now a group can produce much richer propaganda campaigns on the internet, which divide us more deeply.

#### Do we have more access to weed than we used to? I have no idea, but if we do that may matter? probs no tho.

#### Fall of smoking. Maybe smoking tobacco is good for our work in a way coffee can't replace? europe seems to be doing similarly badly ,and they smoke more though.

### No more free money from science: over the past 20 years the only everyday, revolutionary technological improvements have been in informatics. 

### In my life I don't know if I've been in stable, cooperative institutions. I've been to 2 colleges, neither of which qualify, and 1 company, which is closer.

### I have very little knowledge of historical institutions. For all I know, maybe they were usually this bad.

### Why did the rationality community "lose steam"? I only found it a year ago, but I'll try: I think people don't know how to talk about rationality with people outside the community, and they make enemies. This makes the community feel at odds with their family / other friends, which makes them distance themselves. 

### The tone with people talk about Eliezer in the diaspora is just tragic. Of course he's said controversial things! Of course no one agrees with them 100%, but that's absolutely no reason to sideline a hero of the community! Roger Penrose was somehow treated far better. Everyone still respects him and gave him a nobel prize dispite his recent crackpot thoeries!

### The MBA: perhaps the rise in management degrees, instead of promoting employees to management positions, has eroded trust inside companies / institutions in general.

### Environmentalist degrowth-ism? perhaps a significant number of people not knowing that population growth + economic growth are good is a problem?

### Increase in useless education people are expected to get in america. 

### Increased productivity could be bad for people. People are motivated by physical needs + status to work, and now that many people can meet their physical needs with very little work, their work is overall more status-seeking and less cooperative than when they were working for physical needs more.

### When people are starving to death, they don't cooperate. When people have complete physical comfort, they also don't bother cooperating. There may be a sweet spot in the middle where they cooperate best.

### we just need to love each other more?

### We need to get more first-hand data about these institutions. We need people on the inside to figure this out

### We need to thoroughly analyze the Thiel/Weinstein/Cowen model

### 

### I liked the last babble question much more because it actually had room for 50 new, relevent theories. This week's subject feels crowded, and full of bullshit already. I think the top 5 theories are all we really need in this subject. 

## #BenPace : Robin had [a good recent post](https://www.overcomingbias.com/2020/09/the-world-forager-elite.html) about how basically every country in the world coordinated to execute the same regulations around COVID – no experiments, no variolation, etc. This feels really alarming to me, like this fact should be central in my understanding of the world, whereas at the minute it feels like a thing I’m ignoring (whilst nonetheless continuing to anticipate).

## denormalize layer: good idea for last layer

## sc2 builds:
### 1 base:
#### only need 1 gas

#### 3 gates super fast

#### don't need early cybercore

#### make sure you have enough pylons
