---
title: March 13th, 2020
---

## Doing schoolwork is identity driven.

## #[[Reading List]] Clauswitz, On War https://www.gutenberg.org/files/1946/1946-h/1946-h.htm #Politics

## To what degree do i (unconsciously or consiously) attribute my earlier mistakes trying to change others to my mom's highly Nurturist position on personality? #NatureVsNurture

## Mom didn't read this when I shared it with her because she doesn't want to predict or understand people.
### if you ever read this, mom, yay!!!!!!!!!! You're awesome!!!!! Tell me about this in person as high quality character evidence!!!

## I sometimes think this about concepts: #[[High-Construct vs Ethnomethodology Axis]] #[[Tao Quotes]]
### That concept isn't useful for this pathway:
#### Observation -> Concept -> Predict Future Observation

### But it is useful for these two pathways:
#### Someone else using a concept to communicate to you -> Have concept in brain -> ( Prediction about the people who use said concept AND MAYBE Prediction about observation )

#### You have other concept -> Translate to first concept -> Tell people about it

## I had such an easy experience with this LING group project compared with others! I just did this: 
### judge each person on their likely contribution fraction before we start

### Expect what's gonna happen, not what you wish would happen

### **Look on the bright side: The worse others are, the more advantage for me!!!!** #[[Tao Quotes]]

## #[[Research]] What's the distribution of funds in the market along these metrics?
### **Reaction time**: what's the fastest they can execute on news?

### #IQ

### Funds / Traders

### Psych knowledge

## Why the fuck do I do my best thinking on Fridays? [[March 6th, 2020]] ((d11fe2ff-ed8c-4142-af3a-4de5962bea65))
### but writing is more fun when you stay on meta level 0! Why do I gotta do this to myself!!!!!

### Thinking about other people thinking is so much easier than thinking about my thinking

## Are insider traders biased towards positive company prospects?

## 

## #Psychometrics Does Big 5 really not influence relationship stability? #Research https://twitter.com/DegenRolf/status/1238537097386082306

## https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eBv080HBl3zep1z2snnd4geK5oesI4Mvg44Qrhosma4

## #Roam 
### :q [:find ?t ?e ?o  :where 
[?e :node/title "What People Are Saying"]
[?e :block/children ?x]
[?x :block/order ?o] 
[?x :block/string ?t] ]

## 
