---
title: November 28th, 2020
---

## [[November 29th, 2020]] https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-217/problems/minimum-moves-to-make-array-complementary/

## 

## I love the name Alexei

## [[personal covid calculation]]
### 20% lingering symtoms [[WHO]]

### 

## [[Factor Investing]] wtf is this? how does it exist? [[Momentum Investing]]

## [[Roam]] should it add a link between consecutive days in graph?

## [[AI]] https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.14546.pdf

## **I have a pattern of feeling "caught up in bullshit" and escaping, only to get depressed. Enter non-bullshit, deal with bullshit, don't escape from it.** [[Tao Quotes]]

## It seems like pure input and output quantity for text is the most important indicator of how well I'm doing.

## power law: A relative change in one quantity brings a corresponding relative change in the other quantity, regardless of the initial quantities.

## According to puegify, changing keyboard leyouts doesn't help. This makes me very pessimistic about any language change or something being valuable. Is english better than other languages for anything? probs no

## Daydream nightmare of conversing in person with ai, but slowly degrading into a confused GAN output and nonsense babble

## EA Survey: If you had a friend who you thought would agree with the core principles of EA, how excited would you be to introduce them to the EA community?
### what do you mean by "agrees with core principles"? if you mean "could I phrase principles so they say "i agree" that's most people. If that means "if given two statements, one of which is an accurate description of core EA principles, and one of which is opposed to them, would they always choose EA principles?" then that's less than 2% of people.

## New priorities
### [[Periwinkle]]

## [[Project]] analyze aian papers with an eye to "does this work when the human becomes deterministic wrt ai"

## [[ofea]] econ
### gpi has more inter-employee interaction than fhi?

### rsp

### test your own fit

### fhi type stuff isn't neglected

### ai safety isn't neglected

### recommends more go into, bc neglectd
#### govt

#### biotech

### Bad that we categorize into research & operations. Should be fundamental research, applied research, operations?

### **More broad outreach for specific EA issues than EA as a whole**

### [[Reading List]] High Output Management

## #Rereading
### http://miindingourway.com/guilt

## [[Nat Eliason]] I waited way too long to watch this. Yes he is just another self help guy

## [[Self Improvement]] It seems like there is a very limited core of self improvement knowledge, each covered in some angle by some material. Is there a [[minimal set of self improvement materials which contain all important self improvement knowledge]]?

## 

## #[[Quick Capture]]
### https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJXaEhtp/
why is there a shock wave faster than wave speed? is it an actual air shockwave?

### tree in range sum question is general abelian group subarray aggregation

