---
title: November 21st, 2020
---

## #Leetcode
### My best contest rank is 423!

## Digikey plan for today
### Restart dk-tabs on new branch. Minimal style. Experiment with flex, inline, block, ect

## Digikey Progress
### Autoprefixer isn't working for grid

### When I have external styles for in-shadow stuff in IE, that makes the unshown children show. wtf.

### ONly column-span works on IE11, only end works on chrome?

## Lying in bed with the lights off is such good relaxation! Why do i ever relax any other way???

## I have stomach acid rn. I think its because I'm afraid my productivity spreee is coming to an end. Productivity ebbs and flows. I am going to keep being as productive as I can for the next three hours

## [[Reading List]] [[Andrew Critch]] why does he think capitalism will solve ai safety?

## [[Reading List]] https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.14546.pdf wow their results are very good

## [[Reading List]] Which theory of everything? Maybe it will be relevant? Here's [[Sean Carroll]]'s research https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.02803.pdf

## Facebook showed me "add these friends" and I thought "i'll say yes to make them go away". What idiocy! They will just keep showing more!!!!!!!!!!!!

## Does being less socialized make you sound smart? Can make you talk more, can make you "break the ice" on submerged topics more.

## [[AI Safety]] there's an important point from Yudkowsky: what happens when an AI understands us fully as gears? Will an agent that works when it doesn't see humans as gears work when it sees humans as gears.

## [[Back Burners]]
### I like variety in my life. I like to do a bunch of different things each week. Therefore I have back burners

### [[Weekly]] [[Reading List]] 4h

## How long should I work on one task at once? I think 3 hours is a good amount.

## Plan
### Research I like: 3 hours

### Resume / job applications: 3 hours

### Digikey: 2 hours

### When do I actually need to do Empower Retirement?
#### Empower Retirememnt get my money out [[November 28th, 2020]]

## Right now I have a sinking feeling in my stomach because I'm thinking of putting off Empower Retirement. Empower Retirement isn't necessarily 

## [[Reconnect]]
### [[Elianna]]

### Connor 

## I have a hard time getting out of bed in the morning. What can I do about that?
### Go to doctor about stomachache

### Try diet change
#### [[Diet]]

## What do I do in between scheduled tasks / focusmate sessions?
### Listen

### Watch

### Play

### Meditate

### "sleep", aka close eyes in bed

### Do chores type stuff

## #VR
### Throwing doesn't account for wrist motion seemingly at all. It could just change the contact point with the ball to fix that, right? why didn't they?

### It is special. It conquers the senses, forces everything else out of mind more than other device stimuli

## I would recommend LastPass, although I can only speak to its convenience and the fact that there have been no high profile scandals. I don't know how hackable it actually is

## How actively should I be investing?
### I go to AppAcademy
#### no income for 4 months

#### will run out of savings

### #AQ Should I try to get the money my parents will eventually give me earlier so I can invest it?

## I just opened up ctrl-shift-i in google docs and I was playing around with 1 letter vars and they were all already defined. Note to self: minified js in sites take all short var names. Don't mess with them if you have unsaved work on site

## What does "you got 95 percentile" linkedin quiz mean?
### real

### They tell me that to make me feel good, they tell searchers the truth

### They tell everyone that them and everyone else got inflated scores

## #Money {{Todo null}} close TD Bank Account [[November 23rd, 2020]]
