---
title: February 17th, 2020
---

## Effective altruism totally supports systemic change. Systemic change could prevent a lot of suffering, but actually creating systemic change is messy and uncertain. For example, Marxism used to be the prime hope for systemic change, but it's actual implementation caused more suffering than happiness. Systemic change often backfires, which is why EAs tend to focus more on reliable interventions like global health. I personally support a few types of systemic change, like criminal justice reform and improved voting systems [[RadicalxChange]]. #[[Effective Altruism]] #Debate

## Do we need measurement? Measurement is great because it tells you something for certain, but sometimes we can't measure something directly, like the future impacts of climate change. Even then, we can still use reason and logic to get some knowledge about what the most pressing needs will be. #[[Effective Altruism]] #Debate

## What do I mean by "this game has positive feedbalck"? Intuitively I mean winning a little bit makes you likely to win even more. How does this work, though, when there is no continuous metric like money to tell you how much you're winning? Maybe it means "using given resources in the beginning of the game is more powerful than using said resources near the end" Of course, this requires a symmetry of resources :(

## People assuming tall people are good at basketball is a classic Bayes fallacy. They equate high probability of tall given basketballer with high probability of basketballer given tall.

## 
