---
title: January 2nd, 2020
---

## Someone says that online advertising has about .1x the returns it claims. Would mean 273bn a year is pouring into a bubble that could pop.
### https://thecorrespondent.com/100/the-new-dot-com-bubble-is-here-its-called-online-advertising/13228924500-22d5fd24

### Need to research!!!

## Fuck you Eliezer. You managed to marry an exact clone of yourself, or somehow shape a person into a perfect extension of yourself.
### **Brienne replies**: "If someone asked me whether I 'believed in the singularity', I'd raise an eyebrow and ask them if they 'believed in' robotic trucking. It's kind of a weird question. I don't know a lot about what the first fleet of robotic cargo trucks will be like, or how long they'll take to completely replace contemporary ground shipping. And if there were a culturally loaded suitcase term 'robotruckism' that included a lot of specific technological claims along with whole economic and sociological paradigms, I'd be hesitant to say I 'believed in' driverless trucks. I confidently forecast that driverless ground shipping will replace contemporary human-operated ground shipping, because that's just obviously where we're headed if nothing really weird happens. Similarly, I confidently forecast an intelligence explosion. That's obviously where we're headed if nothing really weird happens. I'm less sure of the other items in the 'singularity' suitcase." (Eliezer adds: “To avoid prejudicing the result, Brienne composed her reply without seeing my other answers.  We're just well-matched.”)

## https://www.gwern.net/Drug-heuristics

## https://youtu.be/xdtssXITXuE

## Deutch against positivism, bayesianism, ect
### https://youtu.be/IeY8QaMsYqY

### The 1900s 2000s example is defeated by Occam priors. There would also be the hypothesis that compressed information is preferred, leading to the elimination of unnecessary digits, and that because the second two digits increase, it is likely the whole number is increasing.

## [[Luna]]
### Unfalsafiable, self serving, based on insufficient evidence.

### 
