---
title: December 8th, 2020
---

## [[SocialVR]][[VR]] what should my personal [[Brand]] avatar be?
### that square robot

### my wood robot

## [[Tao Quotes]] Only destroy that which you can create
### Don't destroy that which you can't create

## [[[[ofea]]]] final exercise [[December 14th, 2020]]
### __What topics or ideas from the fellowship do you most feel like you don’t understand?__
#### What are the basic moral goods? How can we compare states between people? Are theer things besides subjective experiences tha tmetter?

#### Is [[AI Safety]] important? 

### __What seems most confusing to you about each one?__
#### government #EA amount of power of govts have make them worth working on

#### toby
##### you only know how they work on the inside 

##### how long does it take to figure out how things work?
###### it would take over a decade?

##### figuring out how nhs hospital could respond better

### https://80000hours.org/2019/10/anonymous-advice-careers/
#### if you think you need to do something that takes a long time, you need to start early and stick with it

### __What idea from the fellowship did you find surprising when you learnt about it, and which you now think more or less makes sense and is important?__
#### I thought that money made you happier in teh absolute, and now I don't. I just heard "moneyn makes yuo happier by the log of the money", and didn't square that with money's value coming from signalling beyond the absolute lowest of complete poverty

### __If you assumed this idea was true, what would the implications be?__
#### It would mean that doing something like working at Wave wouldn't be very valuable.

### __If you assumed this idea was false, what would the implications be?__
#### It would mean that global development work would be important, and it would be a good way for me to find work I'm good at now, when I'm 20, as opposed to a field where I could only be useful once I'm more experienced

### __What idea from the fellowship did you find surprising when you learnt about it, and think probably isn’t right, or have reservations about?__
#### The idea that teaching government people superforecasting / decision making would be useful. The incentives are so perverted in there that I doubt it would make any difference.

#### [[Incentives]] If you teach someone to juggle, will they keep juggling after you leave the room? probably not. If you pay someone a lot of money to juggle, they'll juggle for you without teaching them eanything. Same goes for forecasting. If you teach them forecasting, but forecasting doesn';t help them get elected, and doesn't help their boss's boss get elected, then they arent' gooing to do it.

### __If you assumed this idea was true, what would the implications be?__
#### It would mean that I should invest significatnt time into improving my everyday rationality. I would practice my calibration daily, post on LessWrong more. I probably wouldn't work in institutional decision making myself because of my lack of credentials ,though. 

### __If you assumed this idea was false, what would the implications be?__
#### It would mean I should invest more in Etherium. I might also want to work in the [[Etherium]] space, or for [[Glen Weyl]] to make better incentive systems. Actually, working on software for incentive systems sounds like a fun job
##### [[Applications]][[Project]] Look into working in the [[Etherium]] incentives / [[RadicalxChange]] space in programming

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] make brackets not generate closing brackets if there are unmatched end brackets later in text.

## [[Read]] https://fireflydove.wordpress.com/2009/10/12/a-libertarian-view-of-gay-marriage/
### This is good!!!!!

### [[Chesterton]] His writing is good!
#### __In the matter of reforming things, as distinct from deforming them, there is one plain and simple principle; a principle which will probably be called a paradox. There exists in such a case a certain institution or law; let us say, for the sake of simplicity, a fence or gate erected across a road. The more modern type of reformer goes gaily up to it and says, “I don’t see the use of this; let us clear it away.” To which the more intelligent type of reformer will do well to answer: “If you don’t see the use of it, I certainly won’t let you clear it away. Go away and think. Then, when you can come back and tell me that you do see the use of it, I may allow you to destroy it.”This paradox rests on the most elementary common sense. The gate or fence did not grow there. It was not set up by somnambulists who built it in their sleep. It is highly improbable that it was put there by escaped lunatics who were for some reason loose in the street. Some person had some reason for thinking it would be a good thing for somebody. And until we know what the reason was, we really cannot judge whether the reason was reasonable. It is extremely probable that we have overlooked some whole aspect of the question, if something set up by human beings like ourselves seems to be entirely meaningless and mysterious. There are reformers who get over this difficulty by assuming that all their fathers were fools; but if that be so, we can only say that folly appears to be a hereditary disease. But the truth is that nobody has any business to destroy a social institution until he has really seen it as an historical institution. If he knows how it arose, and what purposes it was supposed to serve, he may really be able to say that they were bad purposes, that they have since become bad purposes, or that they are purposes which are no longer served. But if he simply stares at the thing as a senseless monstrosity that has somehow sprung up in his path, it is he and not the traditionalist who is suffering from an illusion.__

## [[logseq]][[Blogs]]https://logseq.github.io/page/Changelog

## #DigiKey

## [[logseq]] engineering
### Does it have no persistant index? how does it query fast?

### Why does it use ocaml for parsing? what are the tradeoffs?

### How good is their parser?

## [[Storybook]] t shows top menu with docs

## [[Babble]] mini: What would I believe if I believed [[Aliens]] had been visiting us recently?
### AI safety, as currently thought of, would be irrelevent

### Motives for aliens
#### Science

#### Tourism / media creation

#### Military spying

### Size of alien civilization: if there's one already here, then I would guess aliens control most of galaxy. Probably multiple galaxies. 

### More likely one superpower alien race than population of small alien races

### Given aliens have been visiting earth, what's the chance that navy ufo / green man / whatever alien "sightings are real?
#### Why would aliens let humans talk about them?
