---
title: May 15th, 2020
---

## Can I hack a [[Roam IDE]] from Roam? #Project

## Is it worthwhile to make a binding-free language that only uses combinatorial functions?

## Programming projects: bayesian minesweeper solver

## #Crux how important is working memory to intelligence, and is working memory highly scalable? One quick takeoff condition would be working memory is cheap, so we quickly go froma 5 slot ai to a 1000 slot ai without theory progress

## How big is the connection between imagination and preparedness?

## #IDK

## [[Dark EA]]
### [[Sperm bank eugenics]]
#### Pay them out?

#### Swap under their noses as an employee?

#### How many babies/year?

#### What's the percentile and absolute difference between average sperm bank babies and average / ideal?

#### What information do they have to choose donors?

### Negative politics

### Corporate terrorism: if we clearly monetarily damage companies that do specific bad things, investors will notice and doom the sector.

### Negative research field steering: get rid of the professors that hold back their fields (de broglie bohm, amyloid, leftist social studies) through things like false rape allegations, assassination, fraud allegations, bribes, whatever

### Steal money for EA: obviously don't take credit, and try to take from the bad, although their valance magnitude would have to be large for that to be worthwhile.

### Blowing up a domestic nuke to raise awareness for nuke security (this would harm fusion and fission power, maybe bad)

### Us gov hacking

### Old idea of lacing stuff with psychedelics

### Cool: https://twitterverse.net/graph/rats-etc

## Is there a principled way to "trick" Omega in Newcomb's problem and get $100100 (or whatever)
### If I've broken a trusted random number generator server, and made a precommitment based on the output of that generator, that appears to be likely but isn't

## AI Alignment the fuzziness of the boundary between human intentions and the rest of the world is important to the MIRI view, and 

## #Investing https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/RWna48W4bPr2ChePz/tips-tricks-notes-on-optimizing-investments

## Extra memory in Clojure project.clj? just use `:jvm-opts ["-Xmx4g"]`

## 
