---
title: January 14th, 2021
---

## [[Different Definitions of Performance]]
### [[Conaw]] and I used different definitions of [[Performance]] in [[Conaw Interview]]. I don't think the definition I gave was the only one. Here are what I think of as our views, and what I think their pros/cons are.

### This is another aspect of [[Interface Simplicity vs System Simplicity]]

### Definition [[Conaw]] gave: [[Performance means users feeling that your product is fast enough]]. This means asking users, or yourself, what parts of your app feel slow and finding ways to make those faster.
#### pros::
##### This can require less programming work.

##### This allows you to use expensive abstractions if they make the problem easier to reason about.

##### Any performance improvements made this way impact users immediately.

#### cons::
##### Whenever you add a compute-intensive feature, you will need to speed other things up to compensate for it because your app already spends all available compute.

##### This can allow accumulation of technical debt that makes it extremely difficult to improve performance down the line.

### Definition I gave: [[Performance means the computation is proportional to the theoretical limit for the task]]. That is, if pressing a certain button causes the same pixels to change on the screen every time, then pressing that button should take constant time. If the user presses a button and gets back a lot of information they hadn't seen before, then that program needs to take more time.
#### pros::
##### This prevents the accumulation of dead weight computation throughout your program, and makes future performance improvement easier.

##### This means you can continue to add more compute-intensive features until you reach the limits of your hardware.

#### cons::
##### This approach leads to unnecessary work.

##### This can make your system unnecessarily brittle and complex.

## [[Neck Problems]]
### I have had some amount of neck problems for the past year. It seems to be driven by
#### Sleeping wrong

#### looking at monitors in the wrong position

## https://gwern.net/Tool-AI

## [[Skipping Developmental Stages]]

## [[Systematizing exploration of new domains]]
### If this works, it will be absolutely huge!!!!!

## [[Interface Simplicity vs System Simplicity]]
### [[Interface Simplicity]] means there's a simple abstraction that **describes** the behavior of a system. This makes it easy to learn the system for the first time. The simple interface, however, often needs a complex implementation. This system is **easier to pick up, but harder to master**

### [[System Simplicity]] means the entire operation of the system is as simple as it can be. This makes the system **harder to pick up, but easier to master** than something with more [[Interface Simplicity]] and more hidden complexity.

## ((75dc41bc-cc88-45d6-8773-6f731e325d8e))
### **It sounds like we were often talking past each other. I very much agree with these articles.**

### ((e04dc1d2-57a9-4c99-a6cd-83d0ca609733))
#### Wow I had no idea how slow VSCode window resize is, but OMG. Resizing window over and over again uses 100% of 6 cores (would probably saturate 10 cores if it only could!) and has maybe 250ms lag

## TODO  [[Building [[Roam]]]]
### Read [[Datascript]]
#### https://tonsky.me/blog/datascript-internals/

#### 

### Read [[Reagent]] more, specifically when exactly it knows what subtrees are the same.
#### what reagent intro docs have to say
##### Performance
###### React itself is very fast, and so is Reagent. In fact, Reagent will be even faster than plain React a lot of the time, thanks to optimizations made possible by ClojureScript.

###### Mounted components are only re-rendered when their parameters have changed. The change could come from a deref’ed atom, the arguments passed to the component or component state.

###### All of these are checked for changes with identical? which is basically only a pointer comparison, so the overhead is very low. Maps passed as arguments to components are compared the same way: they are considered equal if all their entries are identical. This also applies to built-in React components like :div, :p, etc.

###### All this means that you simply won’t have to care about performance most of the time. Just define your UI however you like – it will be fast enough.

###### There are a couple of situations that you might have to care about, though. If you give Reagent a big seq of components to render, you might have to supply all of them with a unique :key attribute to speed up rendering (see above). Also note that anonymous functions are not, in general, equal to each other even if they represent the same code and closure.

###### But again, in general you should just trust that React and Reagent will be fast enough. This very page is composed of a single Reagent component with thousands of child components (every single parenthesis etc in the code examples is a separate component), and yet the page can be updated many times every second without taxing the browser the slightest.

###### Incidentally, this page also uses another React trick: the entire page is pre-rendered using Node, and reagent.dom.server/render-to-string. When it is loaded into the browser, React automatically attaches event-handlers to the already present DOM tree.

## [[Roam]][[Performance]]
### Using a very small graph, vs my current graph, takes 1-2 seconds less to load and under half the time to create a new block

### If [[Hiccup]] is generated from [[Datascript]], it loses "identity equality" that [[Reagent]] needs to improve performance. Is there a way to fix this?

## [[Clojure]][[Performance]]
### https://github.com/hugoduncan/criterium performance testing sandbox to improve JVM consistency

## Current EA intro materials
### https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/15HJdBYFyeyG9yVbJ_QDvm811A9IHnC4Y

## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqFu5O-oPmU [[Jonathan Blow]]

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] automatically link creators of social media links. For example, link youtube channel with video. For twitter this is less important because tweet links contain their account names

## 
