---
title: February 2nd, 2021
---

## Theorem #roam/templates
### 
#### Premises::
##### 

#### Conclusion::
##### 

## [[Economics]]
### [[The Invisible Hand]]
#### Premises::
##### The only interactions possible between individuals are 1:1, consentual

##### People can trade with each other

#### Conclusion::
##### Everyone achieves their optimal outcome

### [[The Fed]] (bank)
#### I guess I agree with people who think the Fed worries too much about inflation

### [[Redistribution]] I think that this is an important took to reduce suffering. Most money is spent on status/reproduction, not personal survival. I think attempting to give everyone the status they desire through money is a bad idea.

### I think incentives are good.

### I think nudges are very difficult to use responsibly.

### Minimum wage means each employer can't hire as many people. In general I am against it.

### [[Investing]]
#### I think I don't understand the financial system

#### There are two decent strategies I know of: Diversify across growing asset classes, and get in on pyramid schemes in the beginning (only when you're confident you're really in the beginning).

#### Of those two, I've only tried the second

### [[Taxes]]
#### **Spending inequality** means someone uses more real world resources than someone else. This is bad, because it means some people don't have enough. 

#### __Wealth inequality without spending inequality__ means that some people get to choose what companies / projects to fund, and some people don't. This is good, because some people are much better at that than others.[[
### I think cryptocurrencies are overhyped, but do have some real value underneath
#### {{[[drawing]] null}} {{[[Unsupported Macro]]}}
### [[Regulation]]
#### I think regulation is one of the most important jobs of government
