---
title: January 8th, 2021
---

## [[Domination]][[graphminer.net blog post]][[Down]]
### I just decided to detain my cat, and it made me discover the appeal of domination

### cat became afraid of me. may be because she escaped from me a few times

## [[What would I do if I got unlimited power]] an answer to the classic thought experiment. By "unlimited power" I mean information and action, but not intelligence. I would have instantaneous access to all information across all of space and time, I would be able to instantly execute any program that ever terminates (for now I'll say I'm limited to the computable. Ill think about what I would do with the uncomputable later)'. I can make anything I can precisely describe into reality effortlessly. I would be immortal. There are a lot of technical problems with this, like what the relationship between me and my physical body would be after this, but whatevs. Because I would be able to manipulate time, I would need my own spacetime just to run my brain in
### I would study human nature and interactions

### I would discover the true nature of physics. really shouldn't be that hard ;)

### I would learn how to use the abilities. 

### I would identify other people I thought would do good things with these powers, and give each of them their own copy of the universe and give them the same powers, 
#### What should be the relationship between the different universes/gods? options:
##### Each one I create is fully sandboxed, and I have access to all information, can destroy universe, but can't intervene

##### I have complete control over each one, they have no knowledge of me

##### We all know about all the others and can communicate

##### I make each one completely disconnected from me and the rest
###### thinking about it, this seems much easier than the others

#### This involves a bit of acausal shit. They might do the same thing to me, meaning it's my universe->someone's universe->another version of me's universe. Then what I choose would have an acausal effect on my own situation.

#### Yeah this requires AI safety too. It really would be hard running universes :|

## [[Roam]][[Load Time]]
### StripeJS is a 200K file. It shouldn't be loaded unless user is actually entering credit card. Don't think roam should use it as everyday auth.

### Bootstrap. it's only 20K, but I don't think it's necessary

### Can we get rid of Reagent? that's like 600K

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]]Image uploads haven't worked for awhile. Probably service getting overloaded, not really my area.

## I really want graph viz to be good, but I don't see any truly good graph viz out there. it's more of a long term goal.

## [[Roam]][[Performance]]
### Change data-page-links and data-path-links to object property, not html attribute

### When does it actually sync

### hello here is thing

### Idea to increase render performance: split long lists into chunks so that Reagent can skip entire chunks instead of comparing each element. For example, this would make it faster to add a block to the beginning of a long list, because it would mean only maybe 5 sibling compares instead of 100.

### What do Roam users do most? For me, it's
#### Create new block, write in block

#### Create link

#### Load page

### I think at this stage in Roam's life, we should be thinking about prioritizing performance, scalability, quality, perhaps over "developer happiness". a second we save for each user each action adds up to a lot of time we waste for users.

### When React talks about improving performance they're like "use keys!". That still means all the siblings must be generated as data and looked up in table. It really should always take O(1) time to change one leaf node, and I don't think React gets there.

### This is the wrong attitude. Performance is always important, not an afterthought.

### [[Replacing Reagent]] Can there be an extensible way to make DOM edits much faster than on Reagent?
#### I think it works like datomic/datascript -> hiccup -> dom. We could improve performance by skipping the middle man - datascript->dom.

#### One problem i have with Roam is that on long pages it takes a long time to create new blocks. I'm guessing that's because reagent has to generate lots of hiccup and compare it. 

#### Also, using Reagent adds at least 600K to site size.

#### Inneficiencies of Reagent: compares children, starts checking too high in DOM on edit. 

#### What would this look like, ideally?```clojure
;; renderer just for core Roam that doesn't use React
;; One instance of this api is responsible for all pages 
;; (or maybe one instance per page?)
;; all edits are made by block or page name, not by position in the dom.
;; Therefore it never compares children, can add blocks pretty much instantly
;; can also do things like reuse one <input> for all block editing
;; bases everything off of dom ids or internal map from block ids to dom

;; user stops editing one block and starts editing another
(start-editing-block :bkunGhn4d)
;; that defocuses current active block, focuses specified block

;; user stops editing blocks altogether
(stop-editing-block)

;; user edits block that's embedded in another block
(start-editing-block :OUaCwcigX :parent-id embed-index)
;; can embed one thing in another multiple times. This is kinda silly, but 
;; maybe worth supporting?

;; User creates block under something 
(create-block :parent-block-id :older-sibling-block-id :new-generated-id)

;; Setting up page in the beginning. This can be done from a tree data structure,
;; or maybe it calls Datascript itself to find tree?
(render-roam-page tree-data dom-parent)
(render-roam-page page-name dom-parent)```
##### What's the fastest way to associate block ids with blocks (given that a block can be rendered in multiple places at once)? Options:
###### CLJS map

###### JS map

###### DOM id: this may be fastest, because it's a native c++ hash map (it's probably always generated at beginning, how often do people spam IDs without referencing them?)
####### roam-rendered blocks can have id like XcwnT-roam-render-0-Gcewtn where first id is outer block, second id is inner block. This would need to be done recursively, which could get slow :(

####### How about each one has roam id as class, and editing one edits all? Seeing rendered block while editing embed of it is actually useful, so it should only edit one at a time. 

##### When user clicks on block, you call (block-to-edit-mode :bkunGhn4d)

##### When user defocuses block, you call (block-from-edit-mode :bkunGhn4d)

## [[FocusMate]] is good for starting off your day. I find I only need 1 or 2 in the morning to be more productive for the rest of the day. Doing too many feels anti-generative and constraining.
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:3c3cc2ae-7d7d-4ae3-bc26-a5bd9af13c4b
:END:

## outer text {{embed ((3c3cc2ae-7d7d-4ae3-bc26-a5bd9af13c4b))}} second one? {{embed ((3c3cc2ae-7d7d-4ae3-bc26-a5bd9af13c4b))}}

## https://twitter.com/visakanv/status/1335170483621253123
### I find it plausible that I would give my life for a lot of things, and also plausible that I would never be able to give my life for anything.

## [[Calva]][[Improvements]] make paredit work with multiple cursors
