---
title: January 7th, 2021
---

## [[Zero Knowkedge]][[Podcast]] 
### what is Zero Knowledge? How to trust random people on the web.

### [[Dark Forest Game]] Using ZKSnarks for TRUE FOG OF WAR

## [[Roam]][[Interview]]
### TODO Profile Roam
#### takes 7-7.5s to load page to my dailies rn

#### takes 5.5-7 for much smaller page

#### **Lag when scrolling past daily notes is 100% client, 0 server!**

#### 

### TODO questions

### TODO direction

## [[Fast rsqrt]]
### ```javascript
import "math"
const magic64 = 0x5FE6EB50C7B537A9
func FastInvSqrt64(n float64) float64 {
    if n < 0 {
        return math.NaN()
    }
    n2, th := n*0.5, float64(1.5)
    b := math.Float64bits(n)
    b = magic64 - (b >> 1)
    f := math.Float64frombits(b)
    f *= th - (n2 * f * f)
    return f
}```

## [[Personal Website Fast]] I'm making my personal website as fast as possible.
### How fast is Netlify with <1kb html file?
#### Connecting - 29-33 ms after doing it a few times, 40-50 ms first time

#### Downloading - 0.3-0.5ms

### [[Cells]] I'm making the performant version now!!!

### Takes 500ms to load 1.6M to chrome from local!!

### accessing every cell by id takes 1.5-3.5ms.

### Accessing every cell by childNodes[...].childNodes[...] also takes 1.5-3.5ms, but looks like it's on average faster.

### Because accessing by childNodes is faster, I'm not using any "cell" class or cell ids.

### Wrapping getCell in function doesn't have big impact on performance! YAAAYYYY!

### generating 2600 cells takes 7-13ms

### generating 26000 cells takes 60ms

### performance hack: use mouseDown instead of click :)

### Paste CSV
#### tried three ways, manual parsing, splitting, just in time splitting, and just in time splitting + dom stepping. Manual parsing and splitting were the same speed(8-12ms), just in time splitting is faster (6-9ms), and +dom stepping is faster, at 3.5-5ms.

## [[Personal Website Fast]]
### Fuck. Paste doesn't feel instantaneous even with manual paste
