---
title: January 18th, 2021
---

## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtR71DL9UBI
### I've had an extremely similar experience with cough syrup! I

### "you can get kind of like a trip if you believe you took [[Psychedelics]]s in your dream" wtf?!?!?!

## [[How to software]] Whenever you use a fancy algorithm, link to an article explaining it in the comments

## TODO [[Performance]] experiment with what performance optimizations 

## Apparently not all JSON is valid as inline JS because of differences in escape chars. Who knew?

## [[DigiKey Todo]]

## [[Jonathan Blow]] talking about [[Brian Moriarty]]

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] JSON export seems to have no page UIDs???? maybe I just don't understand data format?

## [[Performance]][[JS]]
### Adding extra members to objects, even between hot members, doesn't stop optimizer from struct-izing important members.

## [[Jonathan Blow]] stream
### "they say you should write a maze around the thing you actually want, and then make a compiler that pulls the real program out of that"

## [[JS]] idiot formatter thinks multiplication/division need to be separated with parentheses. They're associative! And commutative! I don't care what order / group they're in!

## [[JS]][[Performance]]
### [[What optimization does V8 JS do?]] seems to handle function inlining just fine. 5 layers of wrapper functions that add 0 have the same performance as just adding 0 five times (which itself cost 10% performance, because no arithmetic optimization).

## [[Graph Layout]][[Performance]]
### Actually once I'm rendering label, background, node circle, and edges, pulling things like `ctx.fillStyle="#cccccc"` out of the loop cuts render time by 45% ((8cbcd800-42de-4594-a20e-f8c5c4621196)). This is something that would be much more annoying in [[D3JS]]

### zoom in scrolling
#### {{[[drawing]] null}}
