---
title: January 4th, 2021
---

## [[John Carmack]] "Eventually vr should supersede everything that people do with devices today"

## Sunlight is 98000lux. Light bulb is 800 lumens, 10cm, that's 80,000 lux, about same as sun? apparent size is 32 arcminutes, light bulb there is like 1200 arcminutes. that's 40, of 1600 times.

## [[John Carmack]]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUF-07ab9wU
### Wow he predicted so much in 2004

## Original proposal for the Web: https://www.w3.org/History/1989/proposal.html it's a lot like Roam! who wouldda thunk?

## When [[Miriam Rottenberg]] accepts friend request on facebook, catch up with her. [[January 6th, 2021]]

## [[John Carmack]] CNNs are more parameter efficient than visual cortex right now.

## [[Casey Muratori]] [[Immediate Mode GUI]] 

## [[Against The Good Place]]

## Why does opengl move world around camera instead of map from camera? when calculating screen position of vertices, it's one division from capera centered frame, it's an additional two additions from world frame. 

## [[Mike Acton]][[Performance Programming Defaults]]
### Linear search through array
#### in JS obj is only faster at 10k

### Store by type

### FIFO stack managed by integer

### Multiple by default

### Latency and throughput constraitnts from the beginning 

### Version serialized data

### Allocators: Block, Stack, Scratch

### Index look aside table

### Model target manually first (cheat)

### goals
#### Iteration time

#### speed

#### size

#### learning

#### correctness

## [[State of GraphVR]]

## [[GraphVR]] model pos in tinyworld doesn't actually change render position???

## [[[[The Witness]] Notes]]
### black on pottery roof, one right one left

### Back of symmetry island row of puzzles is underconstrained

### Tunnel behind laser in desert

## [[GraphVR]] how to parallel process force directed layout?
### have three phase ping pong buffer, shared memory saying which one it's on, render the one just before the one that's calculating now.
