---
title: February 1st, 2021
---

## [[Project]] See through walls with static multi-camera setup + VR

## [[EDN parser]]
### My parser parses my Roam graph (7.1M) in 600ms, vs 5s for clojure.edn/read-string

### It performs about the same on lots of sort strings as one big string

### existing js edn parser is 8x slower. Not aweful.

## [[Oxford EA fellowship]]
### Exercise 2 [[February 5th, 2021]] Arguments for and against valuing different types of beings
#### Physically distant
##### For::
###### idk, this is just more elegant

###### 

##### Against::
###### actually can't think of any

###### there are things like "less certain distant people actually exist", but those are against the spirit of the question

###### I haven't felt this intuitively for a very long time. I don't know if I ever felt this intuitively like many people do

#### Far future
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:79b91f39-f0b2-48ec-b9ec-820de5eb60b5
:END:
##### For::
###### We obviously care about ourselves in the future, we care about our children & grandchildren, what would make us stop caring between grandchildren & far future?

##### Against::
###### we are less certain about everything in the far future. This is a legit argument, but not really with the spirit of the question

#### Animals
##### For::
###### They have behaviors very similar to human emotions

###### Evolution of species appears continuous in every other domain, therefore we would expect it to be continuous in moral value too

###### Animals help each other & humans

##### Against::
###### Animals can't think about concepts like "morality". You might think something needs to comprehend morality to be morally considered

#### Digital Minds
##### For::
###### If someone told you you were actually simulation in a computer, would you want to still be considered a person?

##### Against::
###### Digital minds bring lots of additional philosophical headaches around identity, quantity, diversity, ect. Might ignore them to stay sane :) :)

#### Plants
##### For::
###### Boundary between animals and plants is fuzzy. How could we draw a principled line that excludes plants?

##### Against::
###### Plants have no brain, no nervous system

###### No understood mapping of emptions to plants

###### If you're already vegan, and then you decide to stop eating plants, wouldn't you starve to death?

#### Objects
##### For::
###### How do we draw the line between life and objects? What about dehydrated tardigrades? What about seeds? Viruses?
####### Actually this is a good thought experiment. Let's say there's a dehydrated tardigrade. It has no metabolism, no thought while it's dehydrated. Someone else is going to eat the tardigrade tomorrow. **Is it bad for the tardigrade to stab it lots of times with a knife today?**

##### Against::
###### Two possible considerations about objects I can think of: usefulness for other moral beings, and intrinsic beauty. Usefulness is already covered by valuing the thing that the object is useful for, and beauty is also pretty much covered there as well.

###### How would you determine what state is "better" for an object? For a plant, it's intuitive that being alive is good, being dead is bad. For a table, what's good? is being disassembled bad? Maybe the screws in the table don't like being part of the table? Is being burned to ash bad? or is that good?

#### Optional
##### Past:
###### If, through some acausal shit, you think what you do today is good for the past, then yes. 

###### No, "what my dead grandma would have wanted" is not a fundamental moral good.

##### Philosophical zombies
###### Using QRI type ideas you could measure whether they're a zombie or not

##### Corpos
###### Not intrinsically

##### Potential people
###### This is the same as ((79b91f39-f0b2-48ec-b9ec-820de5eb60b5))

### What did I learn from this? I may be too immersed in EA, a lot of the counterarguments feel completely nonsensical to me

## Argument #roam/templates
### 
#### For::
##### 

#### Against::
##### 

## 
