---
title: January 9th, 2021
---

## [[Leetcode]] hamming swap
### if you can swap a,b and a,c, then you can get any permutation. I'll just run with that

## TODO [[GraphVR]] add -o2 to debug compiler

## Twitter uses fucking polyfills. I'm using the latest Chrome: there should be no fucking polyfills.

## [[WTF is up with Chrome heap profiling!?!]]
### In my single file html/css/js page, there are 9 DOCUMENT objects. WTF! there are no iframes, no dependencies, nothing! there should be ONE DOCUMENT!!!.

## [[Roam]][[Improvements]] Roam doesn't load on Firefox and Android rn? this is extremely bad! Here's a possible fix: [With the suggested inlineWorkboxRuntime: true in the GenerateSW() config the error messages disappeared.](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/workbox/issues/2448)

## I agree with Jonathan Blow that games are the future if by game you mean "responsive realtime interactive system with entities"

## For me, the PSPDFKit WASM benchmark takes 70% the time of the JS version. That's not a crazy difference, not worth rewriting for. Only true native would possibly be worth rewriting in for performance

## [[Roam]][[Performance]]
### initial HTML seems reasonable enough

### [[Replacing Reagent]] With reagent, we go `edit to datascript -> hiccup representation of datascript -> reagent figures out what was edited -> reagent edits dom`. The middle 2 steps are just walking in circles: we already know the diff! we don't need anyone to recalculate it for us! we can just go `edit to datascript -> edit dom`, saving  A TON of wasted execution + code. In Roam pages we don't have the problem of not knowing what the edit should be. we already know diff.
#### 
