---
title: January 16th, 2021
---

## https://forum.effectivealtruism.org/posts/ctnMCdTH7dmiN4jBx/lessons-from-my-time-in-effective-altruism#3__I_should_have_engaged_more_with_people_outside_the_EA_community_
### "If we really know important facts about how to influence the world, there should be ways of extracting (non-altruistic) value from them! If we can’t, then we should be suspicious about whether we’re deceiving ourselves."

## [[Performance]] ((3f036bcb-0031-4085-977d-2078ce37f1f9))
### MouseMove listener is called every 0.3 - 7 ms! this is a huge range!!!. Also means you don't want to do more than 0.3ms of work in each call, which is __not much__
#### if someone called me on the phone that frequently and that unreliably it would be awful

### Mouse prediction using polynomial equations makes dragging better. It appears to cut latency in half. Trying to go farther looks jerky.

### Just for fun I'll try using an nn.

## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvCzajMkmR4

## Similar to [[NP Complete]] and [[AGI Complete]] there is [[Agent Complete]]. [[Agent Complete]] problems are all equally difficult, and are the most difficult tasks in the universe. They include
### [[Effective Altruism]]

### "Ruling the universe"

### Immortality - this one may be easier, but may not be.
#### definition of immortality: there exists time c such that for all times t>c, there is 100% chance you are alive at time t.

## Pseudocode for memory rehydration:
### ```javascript

memcpy(file_mem_map,memory,memory_length)
for(pointer::pointers){
  memory[pointer]+=memory; // add memory start position to each pointer
}```

## ((3f036bcb-0031-4085-977d-2078ce37f1f9))[[Performance]]
### Learning from other implementations
#### D3 automatically makes attraction go away when the nodes are too close together. Good idea

#### 

### trying an optimization for repulsive force that just applies force between nodes in the same grid cell. Cell boundaries are an issue. might be able to fix with this 
#### {{[[drawing]] null}}

#### two grids offset compared to each other.

#### 64 buckets doubled can handle 6k nodes.

#### offset grid helps much less when there are more nodes per grid cell.

#### Offset grid is not worth using at all

### Broke: perturb your simulation with random number generator.

### Woke: perturb simulation with buggy code.

### Bespoke: perturb simulation with quantum tunneling in your chip.

### Switching from multiplication to division by constant made time go from 1.9 to 2.7. Even after 100K+ iterations, V8 didn't optimize division into multiplication.
#### This is something closure optimizer does for you (unless it's completely useless :), so it's only relevant in JS

### Feature for [[JAI]] or any situation where you have a metaprogram. In debug, keep track of average, variance in runtime of every (top level?) function, or just those you want, like my timeFunc
#### ```javascript
        const timeFunc = (f, n, print = false) => {
            const timeStats = { avg: null, timesCalled: 0 }
            return [(...args) => {
                const stime = performance.now();
                f.apply({}, args);
                const duration = performance.now() - stime;
                if (timeStats.avg == 0) {
                    timeStats.avg = duration;
                } else {
                    timeStats.avg = (timeStats.avg * timeStats.timesCalled + duration) / (timeStats.timesCalled + 1);
                    timeStats.timesCalled += 1;
                }
                if (print) {
                    console.log(`Function ${n} took ${duration} avg ${timeStats.avg}`)
                }
            }, timeStats];
        }
        const [render, renderTimeStats] = timeFunc(() => {```

## [[John Carmack]]https://waitwho.is/john-carmack/essays

## 
