---
title: January 11th, 2021
---

## Analysis of network graphs class http://snap.stanford.edu/class/cs224w-2018/

## [[Ideas for social / multiparty [[Roam]]]]
### Autocomplete to popular page titles and link to other public Roam's pages with that name.

### Implementation
#### Ideally the backend would be some sort of distributed graph database that can hold and link between everyone's data at once. That's a tall order, and I definitely won't be capable of doing that at least for awhile. [[RocksDB]] might be an option for that.

#### Otherwise there could be a central Datomic instance holds data about "who else thinks about this?" which is updated periodically which the client queries.

#### There could be multiple databases each for a different service, like "who else talks about", "subscribe to someone else's page", ect, all queried by the client.

#### Building too much on top of lots of different stores of data might be technical debt for later. I would guess it'd be better to have a big distributed database you can rely upon to link across users.

## [[Roam]][[Performance]][[CLJS rendering time comparison]]
### hiccup->dom: 1.3ms per thingey for 1000 thingeys

### reagent: 0.759 per thingey

### js <template> 0.02ms per thingey 

### js createElement took 0.16ms per thingey

### js obj+template: 0.045ms per thingey

### js from tree: 0.05ms per thingey. This is awesome!

### Now for a copy of the actual Roam html: 

## [[Jonathan Blow]] is right. Passing global state through every function doesn't actually acomplish anything. In cljs, it's easy to structure code so only one event handler happens at once, you could easily know what the state is without passing state. Making the atom only take valid states (putting partial states in branches) doesn't do anything, because there's no other thread to use the valid state!

## If you want to hit every frame in your VR app for 2 hours, you need to be on time, to the millisecond, 648000 times in a row. That's a lot of consistency.
### I definitely can't handle more than 5% missed frames at 90hz without getting nauseous. 

## [[The Witness]]
### Marsh: spinning L shadow, purple swirly bottom.

## [[Computronium]][[Ray Kurzweil]] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAJkDrBCA6k
### I doubt computronium is legit, in that I think even the best computers would still have macroscopic structure, mainly for heat dissipation. You can't just put a lump of identical microscopic particles together and expect it to conduct heat or energy efficiently.

## [[Learning from the fastest website on the internet]]
### https://www.bhphotovideo.com/ HOLY FUCK THIS IS EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!! It appears to be a legit site with some dynamic content, not pure HTML, and it loads in <500ms. This is amazing.

### Fast site using react: https://airbnb.com it has its homepage in html which loads in 200ms, and only pulls in React later.

## [[Ray Kurzweil]] https://news.knowledia.com/US/en/articles/how-ray-kurzweil-s-2019-predictions-are-faring-pt-4-376cca0fe558f4c41e1b64a01bfbce3fcaa303e5
### wow he got a lot right

## [[Tao Quotes]] I feel like my best tool for truthfinding is enjoying hanging out with truth seekers more than hanging out with other people. It would be so much harder for someone who enjoyed hanging around people who spew bullshit all da

## TODO Later today ask [[Conaw]] when to interview
