---
title: January 1st, 2021
---

## [[Timed alpha]][[General Alpha]][[Risk Management]]
### M1 finance

## [[Alive Flat Friend]] it's a living oozey blanket thing. 

## [[Improvements]][[Roam]] long page titles clip when editing

## Oxygen room math: room is 3m*4m*4m, 48m. 20% oxygen, so its 9.6m oxygen. I use up 0.4L oxygen per minute. that's 0.0004m a air per minute. After 10 hours, that's 0.36m oxygen. That brings oxygen levels down by 3.6%. CO2 levels start at 0.0004%. Let's say I exhale 0.36m co2. Then co2 levels are at 0.03, or 3,600 ppm. That is indeed a scary amount of co2.

## If one window is open, no breeze, then there's 

## [[Jonathan Blow]]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECwHZlvvVH4 How to avoid depression

## My dad said I have a "chinese" way of talking in that I tend to slowly expand on my ideas instead of presenting them linearly. For example, I say three sentences which are all different summaries of my point, instead of diving in to the details of my point.

## [[Reference Code]] How does [[AngryGL]] work? [[January 2nd, 2021]]
### Profile guess:
#### advance bullets: 160,000

### Real:
#### Shaders output color in float. Why?

### Takeaways::
#### Holy shit you don't need anywhere close to a game engine for this. Each bullet requires 24 bytes __total__! This is absolutely nothing compared to any regular game entity!

#### Actually, you could store each array of bullets in FAR less than that! For each volley, you could store initial shot position/direction (in 2d) and bitmask of which bullets still exist in world. That means you have 16+bullets/8 bytes per volley! For rendering and collision detection, you can 

#### 

### Questions
#### There are multiple snakes, each can move independently. Therefore at least their animation state must be stored independently. The question is are the meshes, or the animation wireframes, stored independently for each one?

#### I feel like it would be more efficient to store mesh in one place and make a temp copy for each snake with animation applied.

### Data organization
#### Game
##### Textures for player, gun, enemies, bullets, player animation data, shaders, whatever makes bloom

##### Player: transform, mesh, *textures, skeleton, animation state, *shaders, *whatever makes bloom(kinda like shader?)
###### Gun: transform, mesh, *texture, *shader

##### Unordered set, or generational array, or enemies
###### Enemy struct
####### x,y,wriggle phase. That's 12 bytes

##### Vector of bullet waves
###### Expiration date: 4 bytes

###### vector of bullets in bullet wave
####### bullet position, direction 3d: 24 bytes

### Tick
#### Move player in direction of arrow keys. If moving in the same direction, advance walking phase. If changing directions (or from standing still), interpolate between starting frames of those animations.

#### For each enemy, point towards player, move towards player.

#### For each bullet, move forward

#### Detect collisions between bullets and enemies
##### for each collision, reduce enemy health. If enemy dies, remove from set/generational vector

#### Detect collisions between player and enemy
##### if there is a collision, game over

#### Render 
##### Do I need to know bloom? in VR, headset lens provides bloom for me :'(

##### bloom is gaussian convolution (split into horizontal and vertical) applied to specific part of image.

##### 

## [[C]] value types
### pvalue

### xvalue

### prvalue

## [[C]]
### If you use char as character, "unsigned" is completely ignored by the compiler just as comments are removed from your program. Otherwise char can be signed or unsigned like any other number.

## [[Jonathan Blow]][[Sokoban]]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xgeZ16HpH0 [[Top]]
### "I want to convey that each moment is unpredictable, but each moment compounds to create something even more unpredictable"[[Quotes]] this is very related to my idea [[Flutter]]

## [[I don't get]] [[C Value Types]] https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/value_category

## 

## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BE9y2p01KU [[Jonathan Blow]][[Marc ten Bosch]]

## [[OpenGL]]
### you define textures with integer ids, then whenever you render something you just tell it integer id

## [[Why is VR the future]]?
### Every year, phones, laptops increase resolution. No one gives a crap, and no one upgrades. Whenever VR increases resolution, MIND BLOWN!! if one thing has mind blowing improvements every year or two, and one doesn't, the one that does will eventually win.

## [[Jonathan Blow]]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7kh8pNRWOo

## [[Mike Acton]] "The amount of work the computer does should be proportional to the information surprise between each frame and the next."
### that's why I like this guy.

## "Your mental health is the number of things you aren't afraid to think about"

## [[Program dataflow visualization]]

## [[Jonathan Blow]] and I both think the best living physicist is [[Leonard Susskind]]

## I like the word [[Infopunk]] but the only thing I found on it isn't good: https://deontologistics.wordpress.com/2019/11/24/tfe-from-cyberpunk-to-infopunk/ I guess I can define it myself then.

## 
