---
title: January 19th, 2021
---

## [[Performance]][[Closure Compiler]] fucking turned my 7kb js file into 10kb in advanced mode!!!! I thought this shit was supposed to make my code lighter!!!!
### It added `throw new TypeError` 5 times. idk why, this is supposed to be production, not dev. I would be very confused if I got a type error, my code wouldn't produce that normally.

### ```javascript
for(var b="Array Int8Array Uint8Array Uint8ClampedArray Int16Array Uint16Array Int32Array Uint32Array Float32Array Float64Array".split(" "),d=0;d<b.length;d++)```
#### idk what it's doing here???

## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5aRiZXM4EY [[Casey Muratori]]Moral questions! very related to [[Useful Theories of Mind]]. I think [[Jeff Roberts]] had a [[Useful Theories of Mind]], whereas [[Casey Muratori]] had an accurate, but not useful theory of mind. This is almost [[Top]]
### "Don't hire someone who if they do their job well would fuck stuff up". don't hire torturers, lawyers, 

## TODO [[Performance]][[Clojure]]
### TODO Understand CLJS [[Transient]]s
#### https://clojure.org/reference/transients

#### https://hypirion.com/musings/understanding-clojure-transients
##### this is an example of [[Interface Simplicity vs System Simplicity]]. Clojure transients are more complex than ordinary mutable collections. (don't know exactly when standard mutable collections are good vs clojure transients)

#### They estimate 3-4x performance improvement for 1M size transient.

#### Transients only apply to one data structure

#### Time to try out transients (first in [[Cells]])

### TODO Look at Closure compiler output. What does it actually do?

## Example of performant functional programming: [[XMonad]]https://dev.to/l04db4l4nc3r/xmonad-hackability-at-a-cost-390a
### [[Suckless]] another group aligned towards [[System Simplicity]]

## [[graphminer.net blog post]][[Up]]
### [[Three Styles of Programming]]
#### So far (which is not very far. I have not met many programmers yet) I have come across three general styles, or philosophies, of programming.

#### [[Cargo Cult Programming]]
##### This is where your coding style is determined by social forces. You write code like your teacher, professor, favorite Medium blogger, ect, tells you to. This can result in good code, but most of the time it results in over engineered, over-factored, obtuse code that spends most of its time adhering to "patterns" rather than actually solving the problems. These patters usually have some merit on their own, but are used outside of context and make the code worse.

##### Concrete Example::
###### [[DeepLearning4J]]. This is a gigantic codebase where the vast majority of code is interfaces and classes around the actual work. For example, your API calls get passed through 4 layers of Java, then get passed to Keras (python) which is then passed to Tensorflow (python) which is passed to the Tensorflow Backend (C++ and CUDA). The vast majority of lines of code executed aren't doing machine learning, they're passing the buck to someone else. This makes it impossible for DeepLearning4J to provide succinct docs or error messages.

##### Benefit you might get from this::
###### Your boss promotes you, or you get a CS professorship, or something. 

##### Problem you might encounter using this::
###### An interface in your codebase isn't behaving as you expect. In order to fix this you find the team within your company that produces this interface, and they figure out that behavior comes from one of the external libraries they're using. They "investigate the problem" but don't actually figure out what's going on for a few weeks. It's hard for you to understand or fix their code because there are so many layers of code between you and the actual bug.

#### [[Interface Simplicity]] programming
##### This is where you engineer your code to present the most objectively simple, easy to understand interface. This coding style is exemplified by [[Rich Hickey]]. This results in genuinely good APIs and libraries, and makes it easier to coordinate teams and build large software. However, code in this style tends to run 1 to 2 orders of magnitude slower than the next style.

##### Concrete Example::
###### [[Instaparse]]. This library provides an interface which turns language definitions into text parsers. It's practically "no code", in that you specify the result, not the method used to get there. This makes it an awesome tool for small projects, but one with weaknesses. Its core algorithm, [GLL](http://dotat.at/tmp/gll.pdf), is very complex, and its performance is poor and unpredictable. For example, it's best case for parsing a dense 500KB file is 400 times slower than a simple [[JS]] parser, and if your grammar is ambiguous it will never finish parsing a 500KB file.

##### Benefit you might get from this::
###### You want to parse a legacy internal file, and are able to do it within a half hour using [[Instaparse]].

##### Problem you might encounter using this::
###### Your [[Instaparse]] parser is slow. You followed the advice in the documentation, but your use case doesn't exactly fit within [[Context Free Grammar]], and you are stumped as to how to improve performance further. Understanding the algorithm behind Instaparse is difficult, and it has fundamental internal inefficiencies from immutable persistent data structures, trampoline function calls, ect. that limit how fast it can ever be.

#### [[System Simplicity]] programming
##### This is where you engineer your code to minimize the  complexity of the entire system, including all of your code and your dependencies, not just your interface. Here you might make your API slightly more complex in order to avoid using an unreliable dependency, or you might expose more smaller, more specialized functions to avoid adding an extra abstraction layer. This results in the most performant code, and code that is the easiest to maintain in the future. It's biggest issue is that it makes code that's harder for beginners to learn. This style is exemplified by [[Mike Acton]] 

##### Concrete Example::
###### Overwatch (or any other [[Blizzard]] game). This is a highly performant and reliable video game. Its framerate and performance are extremely predictable, and I only encountered a bug twice (that I remember) while playing it. It has never crashed, or otherwise prevented me from using it. It's weakness is that it's a closed source program that only one team at Blizzard understands, and it generally takes a long time (over a year according to [[Mike Acton]]) for new hires to learn this type of codebase.

##### Benefit you might get from this::
###### Your codebase is small enough one person can actually understand everything that's happening. Your code runs 10-100 times faster than others.

##### Problem you might encounter using this::
###### You're trying to make a VR application using the [Vulcan]] graphics API, but in order to render anything you need to learn matrix math, normalized coordinates, threading, GPU architecture, ect, and it's taking you a month just to display anything! You give up and the app never get's built.

## Wind noise in videos is awful (yes other people figured this out). It sounds nothing like your actual ears being in the wind.

## [[[[Roam Parser]] [[JS]]]][[Performance]]
### [[Example Roam Page]]

### Template strings vs concat: template strings are faster, but only very slightly. Not worth thinking about speed difference.
#### ```javascript
`here is ${thing} and ${thing2}` vs "here is "+thing+" and "+thing2```

### Regex seems to be twice as fast as iterating through chars in JS, but difference varies a lot. Only tried with extremely simple case, not many-state regex emulation in JS. 
#### [[Clojure]] cljs loop recur seems to take 4 times as long as js to iterate through chars. Generated js looks like it would be equal speed to js with right compiler optimizations!
##### ```javascript
while(true){
if((((i >= ((text).length))) || (cljs.core.not_EQ_.call(null,cljs.core.nth.call(null,text,i),"a")))){
return i;
} else {
var G__68302 = (i + (1));
i = G__68302;
continue;
}
break;
}```

### Making a roam parser in JS, just trying to do the simplest thing possible.

### Looks like substring time doesn't depend on string length.
#### node can do a million substrings per second! that's not bad!!! takes 1.7 on chrome, very similar. Similar on firefox as well.

### Setting new const to 1+1 takes <1-10 microseconds

### Just calling hrtime() twice to log the results (with nothing in between) takes 25 microseconds.

### [[Toy Lisp Parser]] parses 500Kb in 44-110ms (very inconsistent). This is up to 10M chars/second, which is definitely good enough. This is another example of [[Interface Simplicity vs System Simplicity]]
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:46994429-a54a-4dcb-9003-2eaa26ace161
:END:
#### ```javascript
const regexWord = /^ *[^\(\) ]+ */;
let textLeft = `((hello (thing and thing (and thing) andy) ando)...for 500KB`
const tree = [];
const stack = [tree];
while (textLeft.length > 0) {
    const wordMatch = textLeft.match(regexWord);
    if (wordMatch) {
        stack[stack.length - 1].push(wordMatch[0]);
        textLeft = textLeft.substring(wordMatch[0].length);
    } else {
        switch (textLeft[0]) {
            case "(":
                const newNode = [];
                stack[stack.length - 1].push(newNode);
                stack.push(newNode);
                break;
            case ")":
                stack.pop();
        }
        textLeft = textLeft.substring(1);
    }
}```
one issue with this is it has no error reporting

#### text was copies of ``

#### Using `switch` instead of if improves performance by maybe 30%

#### I made a similar lisp parser in [[Instaparse]], and **it took 10 seconds to do the same thing. That's something like 100 times slower. 100 times is no joke**
##### ```javascript
seq = (word | list)+
list = <"(">seq<")">
word=#" *[^\(\) ]+ *"```

##### I thought this might be because of the length of the string, but I tried it with 1000 strings of length 500B, and got same result

##### That result was without [[Closure Compiler]]. With that the time was still similar.

#### Damn, using table for start and end tokens (with one type of start and end token) doesn't cost performance vs switch. Didn't compare to precision though

## Not a very good talk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJJTYQYB1JQ

## TODO #DigiKey 
### check vanilla tab query vs web-componts

## [[StarDust]] game
### Idea is a game based on [[The Dark Forest]]. 3d, VR. Brutal graphics. Most of your visual field is just empty space most of the time. You fighting to survive, truly alone, in a dark universe.

### Would want an accurate long term 360 video of starscape as background. would look epic on high res oled VR. Would be practical to get in ultra high res. I'm talking equivalent of 50K display for the photosphere.

## [[Best of [[Twitter]]]] by [[Alexey Guzey]] this is good!
### https://bestoftwitter.substack.com/p/best-of-twitter-week-of-january-11

### https://twitter.com/michael_nielsen/status/1349750282972905472
#### Kuhn's "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions"

### https://voxeu.org/article/standard-errors-persistence

## [[Jonathan Blow]]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcF-HzlFYKE
### actually the advancement of technology depends on us reinventing the wheel constantly becuase we need different kinds of wheels constantly for different purposes as time goes on. I'll refer you to the real world and how many different kinds of wheels there are in the real world for different purposes, like the wheel on a truck is different than the wheel on my office chair. Or good luck with a wheel when  you're going to the moon on a rocket - just don't use one. the point is travel not the wheel. Actually the badass lifter they used to bring the apollo rocket to the launchpad had some pretty badass wheels on it. Yeah, they weren't the same cave man wheels, the original wheels that they just kept on using.

## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BThkk5zv0DE
### are any things he said concrete?

### Most of this talk is "I created a problem for myself by (breaking code into 100 repos, using tons of microservices) and solved it" Almost none of it was about a) actual benefits of Clojure, or b) actual customer problems solved.

## 
