---
title: January 15th, 2021
---

## Keyboards are for people in the pre-operational stage or above, not you, pumpkin [[Model of Hierarchical Complexity]]

## Once you've [[Gotten the clowns out of the car]] you need to add complexity to improve performance. Before that point, though, you can improve both at the same time.

## If you don't know how to write the compiler you say is optimizing your code for you, and you haven't verified that it's doing those optimizations, you don't actually know your code is optimized.

## [Home / Twitter](https://twitter.com/s_r_constantin/status/1350109226950152196) #[[Roam-Highlights]]
### On the hard-skills side: this is a C++ shop. Code performance is critical. Our tools need to run on factory production lines, so they need to run fast. If you don't know how to optimize low-level code, this is not the job for you.

## ((ff61f7ac-28ab-4105-8ec0-e626d1dbbb74))

## ((95918502-e118-42a5-8480-ac8b011174a3))

## https://twitter.com/bubbleteaPhD/status/1349741282243973121?s=20

## [[Andres Gomez Emilsson]][[High Entropy Alloys of Experience]]{{[[video]] https}}
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:96e62e93-fb72-4814-bb9a-04d74929eb70
:END:

## TODO #DigiKey 
### Make checkbox functional component shared with multi-select

### Fix bug where typing in input triggers storybook hotkeys

## Fucking [[Wire]] sent me the same verification code twice in a row. Means it's some sort of unsalted hash of username+password. I don't think this is good. Don't think it's a serious security hole, but it shouldn't be there.

## After watching a talk about data compression, I'm less optimistic about deep learning data compression. The current compression guys really know what they're doing!
